2Chapter 2: How to Make Billions of Dollars
AI Model: gemini-2.5-flash
After Li Bufan obtained the system, he stayed in the suburbs tens of kilometers away from the campus.

Li Bufan was unsure if satellites could detect the anomaly where the light sphere had been. He didn't dare to gamble, nor did he want to. Therefore, Li Bufan temporarily didn't think about the task, planning to pack up his tent and other belongings and prepare to leave this suburban area.

Li Bufan casually felt his pocket, pulled out his phone, and looked at his iPhone X, which showed:

June 30th, 22:46.

Li Bufan thought of a serious problem: it was so late now, and the nearby buses and subways had already stopped. If he took a taxi, he could leave this place.

However, most people in this suburban area camped overnight, and leaving the suburbs suddenly with a large amount of luggage would be considered abnormal behavior. It would instead increase his chances of being exposed in the future.

Helplessly, Li Bufan looked at the circles of tents and numerous bonfires around him and decided to keep a low profile, hide among the crowd, rest for a night, and wait until early morning tomorrow to return.

Li Bufan lay in the tent, absent-minded, thinking about the strange encounter he had before and pondering how to complete that fatal task. After thinking for a long time, Li Bufan still couldn't come up with a good plan.

Unconsciously, Li Bufan fell asleep and woke up at 7:00 in the morning. Li Bufan opened his backpack, first drank a little less than half a bottle of Nongfu Spring, then ate the bread and toast he had brought, and finally drank a bottle of Yili Pure Milk.

Li Bufan was full and satisfied. He packed up the things in the tent and put his belongings into his backpack. He sorted and packed the garbage created after eating and drinking and put it into the trash can 100 meters away.

Li Bufan planned to go back to school first. Since he had already graduated, graduates needed to move their belongings out of the dormitory in these few days. Li Bufan hummed a little tune to himself while taking the subway back to school.

......

"Hey, Brother Li, did you go somewhere to have fun last night?"

"Yeah, yeah, Brother Li, the few of us in the dorm waited for you for a long time. We planned to sing and eat together and have a good time, but we were missing one!"

"Yeah, brother, what you did was not kind. We said we'd share blessings and face difficulties together, didn't we? We've all graduated, you can't forget about us good brothers!"

At this moment, Li Bufan had just returned to the dormitory and hadn't even put down his backpack when he heard the people in the dormitory asking him why he didn't come back to have fun with them last night.

During college, Li Bufan was friendly and had many friends. But if you were to talk about close buddies, it would be the other three people in the dormitory. Although some had different majors, they all cared for each other very much, often went out to restaurants to eat, and occasionally went to KTV together, getting along very well.

These three people were Bu Changzhuo, Computer Science and Technology major, with above-average grades. He came from a good family; his parents were taxi drivers, and his family owned several properties with assets less than ten million. He was generous and friendly, always wearing a smile towards everyone, and was very humorous. He was very popular with girls and was known as the "Love Saint" in the class.

Lü Danhao, Life Science major, an excellent student in the biology department, often won competition awards. His family was considered well-off, with assets of several hundred million. He was usually generous and often treated others. To outsiders, he could sometimes be arrogant and unfriendly, but he was quite friendly to those in the dormitory.

Wang Huadong, Chemistry major, with above-average grades. He came from a poor family; his parents ran a small supermarket for a living, and his family's assets were less than one million. He was humble and gentle, but occasionally felt a bit inferior towards outsiders. To outsiders, he was very dull and repressed, but he was relatively friendly to those in the dormitory, often willing to help, taking on chores like cleaning the dormitory, picking up takeout, and deliveries.

Although Li Bufan was very friendly to the three people in the dormitory, since it concerned his biggest secret, Li Bufan had no intention of revealing anything. Because once a secret is exposed, it is no longer a secret, and at that time, he would face a devastating blow.

Fortunately, Li Bufan's thinking speed was fast enough that he was often jokingly called having a short and sharp reaction arc.

Li Bufan put down his backpack, took a sip of water, and then said to the three people in the dormitory: "Alas, don't mention it, I also wanted to go out and have fun. But Zhao Yali has already broken up with me, and I was a bit down yesterday, so I went out by myself to be quiet. Isn't there a place near our school where you can camp? I just ran over there and stayed by myself for a night."

"I'm much better now, I won't think about her anymore. Let bygones be bygones, I plan to look forward. Maybe in the future, I can find a better girl. Don't talk about me, tell me about the three of you, where did you go to have fun yesterday?"

Hearing this, the people in the dormitory nodded and no longer complained about Li Bufan not going out with them yesterday.

Bu Changzhuo looked at Li Bufan, patted his shoulder, and said earnestly: "Li Bufan, I am very happy as your brother to hear that you are no longer sinking because Zhao Yali broke up with you."

"We all believe in you. With your grades ranking in the top three in our major, many girls were interested in you before. I believe that after you find a job, you can get promoted quickly. At that time, you will find a better girl."

Lü Danhao nodded and said: "Yeah, you have to look forward!"

Wang Huadong replied: "Yesterday, when I contacted you, I couldn't reach you, so our group first went to our usual spot to eat, and then went to Wanda Cinema to watch the latest 'Wandering Blue Star'. Let me tell you, that movie is a work by the writer Liu Cixin, who created 'The Three-Body Problem', and it describes..."

Seeing Wang Huadong about to spoil the plot, Li Bufan quickly interrupted, "Stop, stop, I know. Please don't spoil it, okay? I'll go watch it when I have time."

At this moment, Li Bufan looked at the three people in the dormitory and then at the clean dormitory, seeing that their suitcases were not on the floor, he felt that they didn't seem to have the intention of moving out today and was a bit curious.

"Are the three of you not planning to move out today? What are your plans for the future?"

Lü Danhao was the first to answer: "I'm not leaving today, I plan to leave the day after tomorrow. My parents are forcing me to go home to inherit the family business. As you know, our family is in trade, and there are many things to learn. I plan to learn quickly and help my parents manage the company. In the future, if any of you have difficulty finding a job or need anything, don't be polite, feel free to notify me, and I will try my best to help."

After he finished speaking, Li Bufan noticed that the other two looked at Lü Danhao's answer with a feeling of envy and jealousy. Li Bufan didn't say anything about this. Li Bufan nodded at Lü Danhao and then looked at the other two.

Bu Changzhuo said: "I haven't found a job yet, and I plan to look for one in the next few days. The school said we can stay until mid-July, right? I think I should be able to find a job before then, and then I'll rent a room near the company before moving the things from the dormitory."

Wang Huadong scratched his head, a little embarrassed. "It's really hard to find a job in our major unless you go into something like pharmaceutical sales, but even those jobs are hard to find. Generally, without connections, others may not hire you. So, I plan to cast a wide net and look for several companies, regardless of position, as long as the salary is acceptable. So, in the next few days, like Bu Changzhuo, I will stay in the dormitory until I find a job."

Li Bufan listened to the arrangements of the three people and felt that their arrangements were well-organized.

Although the latter two hadn't found jobs yet, he believed that with their knowledge, finding a job with a not-too-high salary should not be a problem.

Li Bufan looked at the three of them and said to them: "Gentlemen, I plan to start a software company. Are any of you interested in starting a business with me? I have initially completed the product, but I can't show it to you yet; it will take a few more days."

"If you are willing to start a business with me, although I won't give you shares directly, I can give each of you a one-point share of the dividends. Is anyone willing to start a business with me?"

In fact, on the way back to school by subway in the morning, Li Bufan had an idea that he could make quick money by developing software. This idea stemmed from a conversation between Li Bufan and the system.

......

"System, since I already have 10,000 points, what can I do?"

"The system can exchange for all things in the heavens and myriad realms."

"Exchange items?! Emm, can I exchange for a cosmic spaceship?"

"The system's points are insufficient and cannot be exchanged."

"How many points does a cosmic spaceship cost? How do I earn enough points?"

"Low-level cosmic spaceships can travel within a star system, with prices ranging from 100 million points to 10 billion points depending on different functions and modules. Points can currently be obtained through the following two methods: First, points obtained by completing tasks. Second, through Krypton Gold , currently 1 million US dollars can be exchanged for 1 point."

"What?! So expensive! 1 million US dollars can only be exchanged for 1 point. Doesn't that mean the most ordinary cosmic spaceship would cost 100 trillion US dollars, which is roughly equivalent to the annual GDP of over 7 billion people worldwide. Also, doesn't that mean the 10,000 points I have can be exchanged for 10 billion US dollars? Wouldn't my task be completed directly then?"

"Hehe, the system should not be anxious. 1 million US dollars can be exchanged for 1 point, but 1 point can only be exchanged for 10,000 US dollars. You can consider the difference in this ratio as a transaction fee."

"Uh, I'm speechless. This transaction fee is terrifying, a 99% transaction fee. I'm convinced! However, can I see the exchange list? I only want to see items that can be exchanged with 10,000 points."

"Okay, system, it has been filtered to only include items below 10,000 points. The exchange list is being displayed..."

At this moment, Li Bufan could clearly see those lists in his mind. Currently, they were divided into two major categories: physical items and knowledge items. Li Bufan clicked on physical items, which were further divided into two parts: technology items and cultivation items.

"What, cultivation items?! Are you kidding me? Can I cultivate to become an immortal? Is there an immortal realm? Can I live forever, immortal and indestructible?" Li Bufan was very shocked to see the list of cultivation items.

The system replied coldly: "System, you can cultivate. But there is no such thing as immortals. So-called immortals are, at most, people with profound cultivation realms. These people possess unfathomable means. You can consider immortals to be Humans with a high degree of cultivation.

As for the immortal realm, I'm sorry, it doesn't exist on the Blue Star where you Humans are located. You can consider the immortal realm to be a planet with a high concentration of spiritual energy.

As for living forever and being immortal and indestructible, this is impossible. Everything will be annihilated over time. Of course, with cultivation, you can also live for tens of billions of years, which can be considered a different kind of immortality.

As for eternal existence, it is not impossible. This secret will have to wait until the system achieves cosmic hegemony, perhaps then you can know.

Now, system, please do not be overly ambitious. It is better to complete the task properly. If the task cannot be completed, the system will be erased. Because if it cannot be completed, it proves that the system is not worthy of possessing this system."

Hearing this, Li Bufan shook his head and thought, well, that's true, I'm really asking for too much. It's better to think about how to complete the task. So Li Bufan didn't check the cultivation items but checked the technology items.

Although it was only below 10,000 points, the list still reached millions of pages. Li Bufan felt his scalp tingle when he saw so many items.

Li Bufan wanted all these good things, but those items were either too high-end, and he might not be safe if he took them out, or the market was too small, and he wouldn't earn much money, making it impossible to complete the task.

Therefore, Li Bufan had a headache about which item to choose.

Just then, on the subway, a middle-aged man in a suit said to a few young people who looked like college students next to him:

"Student Wang, I'm not criticizing you, but why did you choose artificial intelligence as your graduation thesis of all things?

Current papers related to artificial intelligence are too superficial. Generally, they just improve the model effect and then apply it to different fields. Although you can also publish papers, have you ever thought about what the meaning of this is?

We have been talking about artificial intelligence for so many years. The so-called artificial intelligence is actually just matrix operations of neural networks. There hasn't been any theoretical innovation for a long time.

I hope you can choose content like database management, big data applications, which are very suitable for work. Otherwise, finding a job later will be relatively troublesome..."

At this moment, those few college students and the teacher were still discussing on the side, but Li Bufan was stunned and thought of a black technology that should not be a big problem to earn at least tens of billions of US dollars. So, Li Bufan ordered the system to search for items related to artificial intelligence.

The system replied: "Ding, it is recommended to use the growing artificial intelligence alpha, valued at 5000 points. It is recommended to pair it with a quantum computer as its carrier. Great Wall brand commercial quantum computer, 128 quantum bits, valued at 4500 points. A total of 9500 points are needed."

Hearing this, Li Bufan burst into laughter, completely disregarding the other people on the subway. Others looked at Li Bufan, thinking that this student had gone crazy. Li Bufan didn't care about this at all because he felt that his task could be completed.

