1Chapter 1 Small goal: Earn 10 billion in 7 days
AI Model: gemini-2.5-flash
Universe No. 37DA92F7, coordinates: Left Spiral Arm of the Golden Sea System, Blue Star.

June 30th, 22-year-old Li Bufan stood on the photography platform on the Jiangcheng University campus.

At this moment, Li Bufan felt heavy-hearted, completely lacking the enthusiasm everyone else had for wearing their graduation gowns.

Because, just yesterday, Li Bufan saw his girlfriend of two years, Zhao Yali.

Initially, Li Bufan was very happy to see Zhao Yali walking towards him and planned to go forward and hug her, but he didn't expect Zhao Yali to push away the arms wrapped around her.

With a haughty tone, Zhao Yali said to Li Bufan, "Young Master Li, I'm just a young lady from a respectable family, and you actually dared to lay hands on me."

Li Bufan was stunned, thinking, "What's going on? Did she take the wrong medicine today? What's wrong with a hug? Didn't we have a good time together? Last week, we even went to the Underwater World together. What's happening today?" He looked at Zhao Yali in confusion.

Zhao Yali hesitated for a moment and slowly said, "We really aren't suitable. Let's break up. These past few years, I've been very happy with you, and you've been very good to me."

"You bought me delicious food and drinks, played with me, and tutored me in English. I remember all of that."

"But, I have great aspirations. In the future, I want to travel abroad frequently, buy luxury goods, ride in fancy cars, and live in a manor. Can you give me all of that?"

Upon hearing this, Li Bufan instantly understood, thinking, "Sigh. They say graduation season is break-up season. It seems it's true. But Miss Zhao, your heart is really too big."

"Alas, it's still my fault for being poor! Thinking about my monthly living expenses of only four or five thousand during university, and my parents' jobs only earning a million a year. I'm afraid I couldn't buy a manor even if I used all of my family's assets."

However, Li Bufan still wanted to salvage the relationship and said, "Yali, we've been together for so long. Honestly, I treated you well. I usually didn't spend money on myself for food or clothes, but I bought you all sorts of good things, and you have a lot of luxury items, right!"

"In the future, if you want to ride in fancy cars and live in a manor, I can definitely do it once I make money! Please believe me and give me a chance, okay?"

"In the future, even if you want to pluck the stars from the sky, I won't hesitate to agree. How about it? Stay with me, and I will give you a beautiful future. I believe our future life will definitely be happy and fulfilling!"

Zhao Yali hesitated for a moment but still shook her head and said, "No! I already made up my mind before, and I don't want to change my mind."

"Indeed, you are a good person. I think we can continue to be good friends in the future. That's how it is. I'm leaving. Take care of yourself. I hope you can find a better girl than me. Goodbye." Saying this, Zhao Yali turned her head and left.

Li Bufan was shocked to hear this and wanted to go forward and persuade her, but he knew Zhao Yali's personality.

Once she had made up her mind about something, no one could change her thoughts. Even if there was a dead end ahead, she would push forward stubbornly.

Li Bufan finally sighed, his heart filled with sadness, and a few tears couldn't help but fall from his eyes.

Li Bufan finally said to her, "Go, the further the better! But, you must remember that you once loved me! I hope you can fly high and find a rich husband! I will also find someone better, perhaps, perhaps I will. Alas!"

As soon as Li Bufan finished speaking, Zhao Yali was startled, her steps paused, thinking that she had indeed loved him and had made vows of growing old together.

However, Zhao Yali thought that she had already graduated and needed to be realistic. She couldn't cling to one tree.

People strive for higher places, and water flows to lower places.

Thus, Zhao Yali continued to stride forward and leave him.

Seeing this, Li Bufan also turned around and left.

As their steps moved, the two gradually drifted apart, and their hearts also moved away from each other.

Just like that, fate was so unkind, tearing apart two originally loving young lovers. From then on, the two of them walked their separate bright paths and their separate single-plank bridges.

......

"Wuwuwu... I'm so unwilling! It was so hard to find a girl I liked, why? Why! Why did she have to leave me?!"

"Alas! Since she has chosen to leave, then let go. It's a good thing for both you and her. People need to look forward, move forward step by step. There is still so much excitement and scenery in life waiting for you to explore."

"Alas! Alright! Now that I've graduated, I need to work hard and strive. But I really don't have the mood right now!"

"Reading ten thousand books is not as good as traveling ten thousand miles. Go out and walk around, get some fresh air. Travel alone, have a spontaneous trip!"

"Hmm! That makes a lot of sense! I'll go online and see if there are any good places nearby."

These dialogues were actually all spoken by Li Bufan alone.

These past few years, when Li Bufan was thinking about problems, he found that if he put himself in someone else's shoes and thought about a problem from a different angle, the problems could often be solved quickly. And Li Bufan had tried this kind of dialogue many times, always successfully.

......

"Huh! What is that? Why is it glowing? Let's go take a look!"

At this moment, Li Bufan was in a 5A-level scenic area 40KM away from Jiangcheng University, where he studied.

The scenic area was picturesque, the environment was like a primeval forest, and camping was allowed at night, attracting many tourists.

Li Bufan was now planning to walk deeper into the forest to see the scenery ahead.

At this time, it was already evening, but Li Bufan saw a faint yellow light in the distance, which aroused his curiosity.

It was a round bead emitting a yellow light. The bead glowed all over, sometimes slightly brightening, sometimes slightly dimming, and sometimes flashing brightly, as if it was communicating.

Li Bufan corresponded these three signals to Morse code and then got some sentences that he couldn't understand the meaning of, so he realized that this might be a more advanced encryption method.

The more he didn't understand, the stronger Li Bufan's desire for knowledge became.

Li Bufan ran forward, wanting to grab it in his hand and see what it was, but he found that no matter how he walked, the distance from the object remained the same.

However, just as Li Bufan was tired from running and was about to stop and rest, the light ball slowly floated, moving irregularly.

Then, with a "bang" sound from the air, which seemed to be the sound of something bursting, the light ball paused.

Then, Li Bufan saw that the light ball seemed to turn into a straight line and flew towards him.

......

"Ah! Where is this? Where am I? Who are you? Why are you locking me up?"

At this moment, Li Bufan looked around at the empty surroundings. Not only was it empty in front, behind, left, and right, but also above and below, with only scattered starlight in the distance.

It was precisely this faint light that allowed Li Bufan to see his surroundings. Li Bufan was now standing in the depths of the starry sky, and he didn't feel the effect of gravity.

"Your physical body is lying in the forest from before, and your soul is under the shroud of my Master's divine kingdom projection. I am Master Li Bufan's 189421st clone."

"My mission is to find a lucky person in this universe and let him accept the gift I bestow. You will wake up when we finish our communication, so don't worry."

Li Bufan was a little confused at this moment and looked at the mysterious phantom that had just appeared out of thin air in the sky, asking weakly, "You mean Li Bufan?"

"Then are you my clone? Am I really such a great existence? Then why was I born on Blue Star and have no impression of this? How do I not know anything?"

At this moment, the clone wiped away non-existent cold sweat, looked at the naive Li Bufan, shook his head, and said a little angrily, "You?! You are not even qualified to carry Master's shoes! Master rose from obscurity, and the name he used at that time was indeed Li Bufan."

"But Master has already been promoted to a great existence. How dare you be so presumptuous! However, seeing that you are ignorant and fearless, the first time is excusable. If you dare to say that again next time, I will cut out your tongue."

"Aren't you very curious why I chose you? Well, the first point, and the most important point, is thanks to your parents for giving you a good name."

"The second point is, I'm in a good mood, so I just chose randomly. Of course, whether you believe it or not is not important to me."

Li Bufan only understood at this moment that he had previously thought he was really that powerful. Well, it was all an illusion.

But at this moment, Li Bufan was very grateful, his heart filled with gratitude towards his parents who raised him! Li Bufan then looked towards the phantom again.

The clone felt that he had said enough and couldn't say any more.

He could only think to himself, "Kid, you're lucky to be chosen by me. But, kid, I don't know if getting this system is a blessing or a curse. It all depends on your own destiny. Hehe, Master Li Bufan likes to watch stories of rising up the most."

So, the clone said to Li Bufan, "Kid, since that's the case, I wish you good luck. I'll send you off!"

Before Li Bufan could react, the clone waved his hand with a special fluctuation, and then Li Bufan felt a darkness and fainted again.

......

"Ding, system initializing... Initialization complete..."

"Ding, Human Race Rise system V1.141 welcomes you!"

"Ding, scanning soul fluctuations... Binding user..."

"Ding, binding complete, user Li Bufan."

"Ding, scanning physical state... Body is healthy, consciousness is blurry. Re-fitting of soul and body will take 20 minutes. Expected to wake up in 20 minutes."

......

"Ah, ah, my head hurts!" Li Bufan shouted, holding his head. After a moment, Li Bufan opened his eyes and looked around, finding that the surroundings were pitch black.

He raised his left hand and saw that his watch showed the time was eight o'clock in the evening. Suddenly, Li Bufan thought of something and immediately ran back.

He reached the camping area and felt relieved when he saw the many lights.

So, Li Bufan found an empty space, put down the backpack behind him, opened it, rolled it up, quickly unfolded it, and set it up.

In a moment, a brand new tent was set up.

Li Bufan walked into the tent, rummaged through his backpack for a while, spread out some bread and sauce, and a bottle of purified water, and began to eat and drink.

After eating and drinking his fill, Li Bufan recalled what had happened in the forest earlier.

Li Bufan felt that it was a memory that was hard to forget, as if it was deeply engraved in his soul.

Li Bufan thought of the light ball that had rushed towards him earlier. But he didn't know how to summon it out.

Then, Li Bufan thought of what the phantom had said before, that it was a "gift" bestowed upon him.

So, Li Bufan shouted loudly around him, "Gift, come out! Gift, come out! Gift, come out!"

At this time, Li Bufan heard the people in the surrounding tents seemingly cursing him for disturbing them from doing good things.

He shouted three times, but the light ball had no reaction, which was very awkward, and Li Bufan's face looked bad.

So, Li Bufan changed his words and whispered, "My golden finger, get out!" But there was still no reaction.

Li Bufan was already doubting himself at this moment, wondering if he had experienced a hallucination earlier.

Helplessly, Li Bufan muttered to himself, "Alas! Why isn't it working! According to logic, a system should appear at this moment, right?"

"Ding, detected awakening keyword - system."

"Ding, system recommends system read previous history records. system will issue a task in one minute."

At this moment, a light screen appeared in front of Li Bufan, and Li Bufan scrolled up and down. Now, Li Bufan believed that he really had a system.

"Ding, task system starting... Task system started."

"Hello, when you see this, congratulations, you have successfully activated the system! At the same time, I also want to warn you to use the system reasonably. Because the system is very powerful! Very powerful!"

"This system has any item you can imagine, and even items you cannot imagine. Therefore, although the system is powerful, any item requires you to pay a sufficient price, so be careful not to play with fire and get burned."

"Haha, of course, I won't laugh at you! Haha, little guy, good luck and see you when fate allows!"

"Ding, system is about to issue a novice task. The rule of this task system is that you are allowed to pre-withdraw 10% of the reward points. After completing the task, you will get the remaining 90%. If the task fails, there will be a corresponding penalty. The task system will be issued randomly.

Novice Task (1), you must choose one and only one task from the following three. The task list is as follows:

1. 【Reconcile with your ex within one hour】. Additional task requirement: The other party must be willing, fall in love with you, and never leave you from then on. Task success reward: 5000 points. Task failure penalty: Unable to use this system for one month. Task difficulty: Medium.

2. 【Run 100 kilometers within three hours】. Additional task requirement: You can rest in between, but you cannot use any means of transportation. Task success reward: 3000 points. Task failure penalty: Unable to use this system for one week. Task difficulty: Medium-low.

3. 【Possess 10 billion us dollars within one week】. Additional task requirement: It can be cash or bank deposits, but not fixed assets or financial items such as company stocks. Task success reward: 100000 points. Task failure penalty: system is not worthy of possessing this system and will be erased. Task difficulty: Super high!!

The final interpretation right of the task belongs to this system.

"

Li Bufan heard a series of system prompts and saw the task list on the light screen, and immediately became agitated.

Because he felt that he couldn't complete any of these tasks. Li Bufan rubbed his chin, thinking quietly about what to do.

"Ding, detected that system has not responded for ten minutes, so system is randomly selecting a task..."

"Ding, randomly selected Task Three, 【Possess 10 billion us dollars within one week】. Special attention, the higher the task difficulty, the higher the reward, and at the same time, the higher the penalty for failure. The penalty for failing this task is erasing system. Since Task Three has been automatically accepted for system, according to the rules, system can first receive 10% of the reward as an advance, which is 10000 points. Do you want to receive it?"

Li Bufan's heart was in a mess at this moment, feeling very helpless. "system, I want to receive the points!"

"Ding, 10000 points have been credited to the account. The account balance is 10000 points."

