Chapter 31: Obsessed with Learning



After receiving the brain development potion, Li Bufan felt as if he had transformed. Whether it was his work efficiency or the depth and breadth of his thinking, a qualitative change had occurred.

That same day, Li Bufan completed a Latex English paper of over 20,000 words, including charts and other content.

For things like experimental results that required experimental calculations, Li Bufan handed them all over to alpha for simulation and computation, and had it generate the relevant data and charts, thus saving a large amount of time.

However, after completing this paper that deeply analyzed and revealed Smart Mutual Translation, Li Bufan stopped working, unsure of what to do next.

This was because the mission still had 11 days left, and for each additional paper completed, he could get an extra 50% reward, which was 500 points.

Don't think that 500 points seems small, but if converted into equivalent money, it would require nearly 500 million us dollars in wealth to recharge.

Currently, the wealth earned by the company in a month does not exceed 300 million us dollars, of course, this does not include the previous 20 billion us dollars.

In other words, the speed at which Li Bufan alone accumulated wealth would be dozens or even a hundred times that of the entire company's nearly thousand people, which was extremely exaggerated, but the truth was indeed like this.

Therefore, Li Bufan planned to make full use of these two weeks. He wouldn't go anywhere during the day, except for relaxing with his girlfriend in the evening, and would stay in front of the computer, constantly learning, constantly improving, and constantly writing papers.

And now, the bottleneck Li Bufan encountered was that he didn't know what kind of papers he needed to complete in the time that followed, and in what field.

Li Bufan browsed the papers in Science and Nature, and then discovered some seemingly very strange phenomena.

Among them, biology, basic medicine, materials science, physics, chemistry, and other fields had the most published papers, while research directions such as computer science and agricultural science actually had a very small number of published papers.

Of course, this does not mean that these directions are not important, but rather that there may not be too many technological breakthroughs or significant progress.

And disciplines like biology, on the other hand, are relatively easier to publish in Science or Nature.

There's no way around it, Human understanding of life science is still relatively shallow.

For example, if a certain unknown virus is discovered, then many articles can be written about this virus.

For example, one article could be a deduction of the origin of this virus and an experimental analysis of common animal vectors.

One article could be whether this virus can infect Humans, if infected, what symptoms will appear, and what drugs need to be taken afterwards to inhibit it.

You can even write an article about the different physiological reactions of this virus in different animals after infection, and the working mechanism of this virus infection, etc.

In short, disciplines like biology, because there are too many unknowns, are very easy to produce breakthrough results, and are therefore relatively easy to be included in Science or Nature.

As for physics, it can not only study theoretical knowledge but also its practical application.

For example, a research institute's latest progress on quantum computer can become a paper. A certain institute successfully experimented with quantum entanglement of a 50-kilometer optical fiber memory. A certain laboratory solved the Schwinger equation in a 71-lattice ultracold atomic quantum simulator.

There are many, many more examples like this.

However, these papers are inseparable from professional equipment and instruments, and even more so from the corresponding experimental procedures, which made Li Bufan a little troubled.

Li Bufan remembered that when the company was bidding before, it bought a piece of land in the suburbs of Jiang City, and there was a plan to build a laboratory there.

Although only a month had passed, he didn't know if it had been completed, so he consulted the artificial intelligence alpha.

"alpha, help me check the construction progress of the company's headquarters building and the engineering progress of the adjacent experimental land."

"Master, received. According to the real-time satellite imagery, the headquarters building is currently laying the foundation. The experimental land is also at a similar stage of progress.

However, both are being executed according to the requirements in the contract. So, if Master wants to wait until the laboratory is built, it is estimated that it will take at least half a year or even longer."

"Hmm, I see. By the way, do you have any cutting-edge technical data in your data library?"

"Master, I do, and I have a lot of technical data. Because, when I am bored, I will infiltrate the databases of those research institutes and find a lot of interesting data. Among them, I even found evidence of some Organization secretly experimenting with nuclear weapons and conducting Human experiments."

"Oh, I see. It's good to know about that kind of data internally, but it can't be published. Otherwise, if others ask us how we got it, we can't just say we infiltrated, right?

By the way, filter these research materials for me. First, the research materials should be real and effective, or have a high possibility of repeated experiments. Second, the reproduction process of these experiments needs to be relatively simple. Finally, the research results of these experiments should not have been published yet."

"Okay, Master. After filtering, there are still over 43,464 research reports. Among them, at least 10% of the data are fully qualified to be published in Science and Nature."

"Oh? That many? Let me see what fields of scientific and technological data are included in the 10% you mentioned."

"Okay, Master. The current 4,428 scientific and technological data include: Life Science and Medicine 1,868 items, Physics 684 items, Materials Science 864 items, Chemistry 464 items, and Others totaling 548 items."

"Oh, I didn't expect that the research data in the fields of biology and medicine would be the most abundant, but thinking about it, it makes sense, after all, many secret laboratories are conducting some unknown experiments, especially in terms of life extension.

Also, I didn't expect that materials science would have so many. It seems that these are all very excellent materials. Maybe there is even the stealth coating of the F35 stealth fighter among them. Haha, interesting."

"alpha, give me the materials to look at, and search if there is a stealth coating."

"Okay, Master. You guessed right, there is indeed a report on how to develop the F35 coating, as well as the relevant parameters and performance of the F35."

"Haha, interesting, I wonder how they will react when they see me publishing their formula? Also, check if there are any materials that are very simple to make and don't require too many instruments. For example, the kind where I can reproduce the experimental results by borrowing the materials laboratory of Jiangcheng University?"

"Hmm, Master. There are indeed many. If you plan to use the equipment in the Jiangcheng University laboratory, you can complete 287 new materials."

"Then does that mean 287 Science and Nature papers can be written?"

"Yes, Master. Theoretically speaking, that is indeed the case. However, it is not recommended that you do this. Publishing so many new materials at once will inevitably cause turmoil in the international situation, and even cause hostility and retaliation from some countries."

"Uh, okay. That makes sense. Then help me analyze how to choose from these 287 research data. Under the premise that I will not attract a lot of hatred and dissatisfaction from various Organization, choose the most research data."

"Okay, Master. After analysis, you can choose 28 new materials, which come from 22 research institutions in 13 countries, and the research data that may be used in the military field has been reduced. Most of them are research results for civilian or industrial use."

"Hmm, very good. Then upload all these 28 research reports to my personal computer, and convert the text in different languages into bilingual Chinese and English for typesetting."

"Okay, Master. The data has been sent to Master's computer desktop. Please check it."

"Hmm, okay, let me take a look. The first one is an introduction to a new high-strength material prepared in the laboratory, which is comparable to the strongest materials currently on the market. It's pretty good. Wow, it's 98 pages, so detailed! I'll take a closer look."

"Sigh, I originally thought that with an IQ of 300, I was the smartest Human in the world. But I didn't expect that the premise of being smart is to master knowledge that is not inferior to others.

My major in college was computer science, but when it comes to materials science, a cross-disciplinary subject involving chemistry, physics, and materials, I am still far behind.

For example, this carbon atom crystallization, it sounds so familiar, it seems to be part of the crystal structure briefly mentioned in high school chemistry. At that time, the teacher didn't explain much, and I didn't look at it much because I thought it wouldn't be on the test. Now I can't retrieve any related knowledge in my memory at all."

"Okay, I admit it. My level is still far behind. Alas, knowledge is power, I need to learn!!"

"alpha, help me find the prerequisite knowledge for these 28 research data and the complete knowledge base of the corresponding disciplines, and send them all to me."

"Okay, Master. Since Master is planning to conquer materials science, this will involve advanced mathematics, probability theory, group theory, basic physics, quantum physics, materials physics, basic chemistry, organic chemistry, inorganic chemistry, polymer chemistry, physical chemistry, materials chemistry, basic materials science, etc., 76 books, and 988 cited documents."

"Uh, that many. Okay, I'll start by picking up high school knowledge again."

Half an hour later.

"Phew... High school knowledge is completely mastered, and the review is complete. Next is college-level knowledge, which seems to be a bit much."

One hour later.

Three books on mathematics have been read and mastered.

......

Three days later.

The knowledge contained in 76 books and nearly a thousand documents has been completely memorized, and I can now extrapolate, intersect, and integrate, and initially trigger new knowledge through association.

However, the time required to derive new knowledge from this knowledge will be even longer.

And now, what Li Bufan lacks is time, because he still has one week to perfectly reproduce these 28 research results and complete the paper writing and submission.