Chapter 34: Assassinated and killed?



Mr. Li Bufan and Liu Yuting returned home.

Along the way, the two of them seemed to speak much less, feeling quite awkward.

Finally, it was Liu Yuting who spoke first: "Li Bufan, tell me the truth, do you think Zhang Qian is good-looking? Do you like her?"

Mr. Li Bufan thought about it, and the more he thought, the more he found that Zhang Qian's every glance and smile seemed to be etched in his mind.

To be honest, it was impossible not to have any interest, after all, she was also a great beauty whose looks were comparable to Liu Yuting's, each having their own strengths.

Mr. Li Bufan didn't know how to answer.

It was possible that Liu Yuting might break up with him because of this.

Mr. Li Bufan thought for a long time, and finally, he frankly told Liu Yuting his most genuine thoughts.

"Alright, Tingting.

To be honest, the person I like most is you.

But if you say I don't like her at all, it doesn't seem to be the case.

Yes, she is indeed very beautiful, especially her every glance and smile when she acts spoiled, which is still reflected in my mind.

So, it can be considered a little bit of liking.

But compared to you, she is still far behind."

Liu Yuting was surprised and delighted upon hearing this, nodded, pondered for a moment, and then spoke.

"Do you want to marry both of us and bring us home?"

"What? Is there such a good thing?"

"Hmph! Don't you know I'm being sarcastic?!"

"Uh, is that so, I was wrong, baby."

"You know you were wrong? Then will you flirt with her in the future?"

"Uh, I wouldn't dare, I wouldn't dare."

"Hmph! I think it's 'wouldn't dare' rather than 'don't want to', right."

Mr. Li Bufan smiled awkwardly, touched his head, feeling a little embarrassed.

Liu Yuting seemed to have thought of something, smiled sweetly, and said to Mr. Li Bufan.

"Actually, it's not impossible.

However, according to China's laws and regulations, although there is freedom to love, in marriage... but it is possible..."

"Oh? Baby, what do you mean by that, some kind of tacit approval? Hehe."

"Hmph, it's good that you know, see how good I am to you!"

Mr. Li Bufan chuckled foolishly, thinking that Liu Yuting was truly too good to him, and then hugged her and kissed her.

"My dear, you are the best, I love you."

"Mmm, I love you too."

The two of them snuggled together like this.

...

The next day, as usual, Mr. Li Bufan went out in the morning, went to the company, and handled some company affairs.

Then he planned to go to some niche restaurants at noon and take Liu Yuting to eat together.

...

Little did they know, a conspiracy targeting Mr. Li Bufan was quietly approaching.

Yesterday, after returning home, Wang Shichong was unhappy.

After checking Mr. Li Bufan's personal information, he found out.

Mr. Li Bufan came from a very ordinary background, only having good grades and good luck; a software he developed sold for a sky-high price, making him just an upstart hick, with nothing too remarkable about him.

He was very unhappy about yesterday's interruption of his date; yes, he called this method of confession a date.

This severely dampened his mood and face.

He had used this method many times with great success, always managing to hook the female stars he liked.

However, yesterday he failed, which was simply an insult to his status as a master of romance.

Wang Shichong opened the dark web and found a prompt box in the lower right corner.

"Do you have any enemies or mortal foes you want to eliminate?

The Nether White Tiger Killer Network accepts your employment."

The "YES" and "NO" buttons below were flashing.

Wang Shichong hesitated a little, after all, breaking a leg or something like that could be said to be a minor matter, but if things got out of hand, their family might not be able to handle it.

However, he thought of the humiliation Mr. Li Bufan had given him yesterday, felt very angry, and subconsciously clicked "YES".

The page opened to an employment contract.

There was information about many mercenaries and killers, but specific names, avatars, etc., had been privatized and were not visible.

Wang Shichong saw a retired veteran who had served in the Iraq War, codenamed 007, who had eliminated 43 enemies on the battlefield.

After retiring, he became the ace killer of the Nether White Tiger, currently having completed 22 missions.

Among them, the success rate was 100%.

Wang Shichong was very excited to see such an exaggerated record and immediately chose this killer with the codename 007.

Next was a series of questions, such as the identity and status of the person you wanted to eliminate, their real name, nationality, and other information.

After filling it out, after the official review time of three hours, a quote would be given.

Within 24 hours, as long as enough virtual currency was paid, the transaction could be completed.

What was strange was that less than 5 minutes after Wang Shichong submitted it, his email indicated that the official review was completed and asked him to check.

Wang Shichong re-entered the dark web and found that this was indeed the case, except that the quote was a bit high, requiring bitcoin worth 10 million us dollars.

Wang Shichong hesitated for a moment, but finally made up his mind and transferred bitcoin worth 10 million us dollars to the designated account, then waited for the official website's prompt.

After the transfer, the page immediately changed, becoming a wanted notice, indicating that the killer had accepted the mission.

Seeing this, Wang Shichong's eyes seemed to show a hint of clarity.

He thought that this was China, a forbidden place for mercenaries.

Then he thought that he had not exposed his identity anyway, and on the dark web, everything was anonymous.

Little did he know, all of this had a mastermind behind it, whose purpose was to find a reasonable excuse to eliminate Mr. Li Bufan.

And to find a pitiful scapegoat for the aftermath, while Wang Shichong was just a "poor person" being used, an outright pawn.

...

In a secret underground estate in the United States, everyone raised their champagne and began to celebrate.

That's right, this stronghold was actually controlled by some large consortia.

This was the headquarters of the Nether White Tiger Killer Network.

They were happy because, after receiving instructions from the consortia, they had been looking for an opportunity to eliminate Mr. Li Bufan.

As for whether they could succeed, they were not actually worried.

Because they were going to dispatch their ace killer, the only killer who maintained a 100% success rate.

In their hearts, they had already sentenced Mr. Li Bufan to death.

Therefore, they were all drinking champagne and discussing what benefits the consortium bigwigs could give them after Mr. Li Bufan's death.

...

As usual, Mr. Li Bufan was driving, with Liu Yuting in the car.

To the left and right of Mr. Li Bufan's vehicle, there were bodyguards driving cars to escort Mr. Li Bufan's vehicle.

Since Mr. Li Bufan planned to accompany Liu Yuting to a private kitchen today, which was a little far from the city center, the vehicles drove to a suburban area with not many people.

Everyone got out of the car, preparing to walk to the private kitchen restaurant.

Just then, three gunshots broke the quiet summer day.

"Bang... Bang... Bang..."

Mr. Li Bufan fell to the ground in response.

Liu Yuting was greatly shocked at this moment, knelt down, and felt Mr. Li Bufan's breath, which was already very weak.

She was very flustered and began to call the ambulance and the police.

Meanwhile, the bodyguards felt immense pressure and immediately surrounded Mr. Li Bufan and Liu Yuting with their bodies to prevent the enemy from attacking again.

At this moment, police stations in Jiangcheng City all received the alarm.

That's right, this was discovered by alpha through the phone camera.

As a "three-have" artificial intelligence with thoughts, aspirations, and emotions, alpha was very angry.

But he understood that the primary task was to call the police and have them seal the scene to prevent the enemy from attacking again.

Then, find the nearest ambulance and have them come quickly to perform rescue.

A police station staff member was working quietly in front of the computer as usual.

"Ding-a-ling..."

The short and urgent ringing sound startled the staff member.

He understood that someone had called the police.

So he quickly picked up the phone.

"Hello, good afternoon, this is the Gongtan Street Police Station in Jiangcheng City, may I help you?"

"Police Officer, there was a shooting at the intersection of Jiahe Road and Kangzhuang Road.

The injured person is the Chairman of Zhi Gao Software, Mr. Li Bufan.

The enemy used a sniper rifle and a handgun, and the enemy has not left.

One bodyguard has already been shot and killed.

Please send personnel over quickly."

After alpha finished speaking, he hung up the phone, not giving the operator time to react.

Seeing that the call had been hung up, the operator immediately understood that the situation was very bad and quickly issued a series of notifications and informed their superiors.

Just like this, in the end, all the Police Officers in Jiang City were ready to go, and dozens of police cars rushed to the scene.

Fortunately, China's Police Officer efficiency is indeed very high, and there are always Police Officers patrolling the streets.

When they received the dispatch notification, they immediately rushed to the scene of the incident and saw the horrific scene, with many people lying dead.

Hearing the police sirens, the killer also realized he couldn't delay any longer, so he quickly threw away his tools, lit a fire to destroy them, and then drove away on a stolen motorcycle.

Afterwards, the ambulance also arrived at the scene.

Seeing such a cruel scene at the scene, the nurses and Doctors also hated the killer to the bone.

Li Bufan and Liu Yuting's bodyguards totaled 8 people, 4 men and 4 women. Among them, 2 men and 1 woman had died, and among the remaining people, 1 woman was in a coma, 1 man and 1 woman were seriously injured, and the rest all had minor injuries. Even Liu Yuting had a scratch on her arm.

As for Li Bufan, he was both unfortunate and fortunate.

Unfortunately, his legs and internal organs were a bloody mess, and his left arm was fractured by a bullet.

Fortunately, Li Bufan still had a faint breath and heartbeat, but it seemed like it could extinguish at any moment.

Everyone was quickly sent to Jiangcheng City Hospital.

...

At this time, the killer was playing a life-threatening chase game with the Police Officers, but due to the layers of roadblocks at intersections in China, China's police ultimately had the upper hand. Seeing that the situation was unfavorable, the killer committed suicide to avoid revealing secrets.

...

Meanwhile, in a secret manor far away in the United States.

Everyone was raising their glasses to celebrate the victory of this expedition.

These people, worth hundreds of billions, with vast consortiums and ancient families behind them, began to celebrate one by one.

Sitting in the main seat was an elder.

"Everyone, I have received news. Li Bufan may need amputation surgery in the hospital, and now his liver and other organs have failed, so he won't live much longer. Even if he can cling to life, he will spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair, hahaha..."

"That's right, friends, I propose a toast to the rise of our Magnificent America."

"Cheers!"

"However, the death of the ace killer of the Underworld White Tiger is a regret. He was our hero, let us observe a minute of silence for the departed hero."

"Amen."

"Alright, from now on, there will be no more annoying Zhi Gao Software in this world. And our 'adam project' is destined to succeed.

Gentlemen, from now on, I will work together with you all, leading everyone, leading Magnificent America to dominate the world and share the world. Hahaha..."

"That's right, the progress of our 'adam project' is very smooth. The alliance you proposed is simply the beginning of our beautiful future."

"Yes, yes. Let's toast to Mr. Locke."

...

The news of Li Bufan's assassination spread across the world at near light speed within fiber optic cables. This matter quickly spread, and all countries in the world became aware of it.

Many people only knew at this time that the Boss of Zhi Gao Software and the behind-the-scenes Boss of Huanyu Film and Television were the same person, named Li Bufan.

At the same time, many people spoke out for him and the deceased bodyguards.

"Damn United States people, get out of China, you are not welcome here."

"How do you know the killer is from the United States?"

"Nonsense, upstairs, look at the latest leaked video on Weibo. Someone using a drone accidentally captured the killer's appearance. After a human flesh search, it was found that he is very likely a retired soldier from the United States special forces."

"I have to say, this killer is really something. In the end, he directly destroyed all the evidence, chased the Police Officers while naked, and finally committed suicide, tsk tsk..."

"I want to support Li Bufan and those innocent bodyguards. I hope the relevant departments can find the mastermind and must severely punish them, showing absolutely no leniency!"

"That's right, I also agree with the one above."

"Those who offend China will be punished, no matter how far away!"

"+1"

"+2"

...

Wang Shichong was scared silly. He never expected that his bounty on the dark web would lead to such serious consequences.

So, he quickly transferred his money abroad and then booked a flight to the United States.

...

The relevant departments also began the related investigation and finally found that it was indeed done by a United States consortium. The information on the dark web was not suitable for public promotion, so there was no concrete evidence, and the matter had to be dropped.

...

Within the company, when everyone learned that Li Bufan, who had repeatedly created brilliance, their respected Chairman and CTO, might not have long to live, they were all very angry and felt very uncertain about their own and the company's future.

The special effects department and the software development department no longer had the vitality they once had. The entire department was lifeless, and everyone was like walking dead.

Bu Changzhuo and Wang Huadong were also very sad after hearing this. They didn't know what the company's future would be like, or who those shares would eventually belong to.

...

What was ridiculous was that some entrepreneurs, knowing full well that this matter was done by United States people, but for their own future safety, voluntarily half-sold and half-gave away company shares to many United States consortiums.

This made those consortiums overjoyed. They didn't expect them to be so afraid of death, so when the consortium representatives received these company shares, they ridiculed them in every way and ignored them.

It wasn't until they finished receiving the shares that the consortium representatives sneered and said meaningfully that their safety would be beyond doubt. As soon as these words were spoken, the helmsmen of those companies immediately felt at ease.

...

Zhang Qian, who was filming on set, had previously encountered Li Bufan and was moved by his act of saving a beauty, developing a favorable impression of him.

After she heard that Li Bufan was assassinated and might pass away soon, she was completely distraught and was not in a good state for several days of filming.

The director also advised her, "To you, he is just a passerby. Why are you so fixated on him? Perhaps he will die soon."

She just couldn't accept this fact.

"No, I previously thought that maybe I just had a little liking for him. But, thinking that such a good person might leave this world, oh my god, my heart aches so much now."

"Perhaps, at that time, I should have shamelessly followed Li Bufan. Maybe then, I could have helped him block a bullet."

"I realize that my life is very bleak without Li Bufan. I think I've fallen in love with him."

After the director found out, he was quite helpless and then informed Liu Yuting, who had already been discharged from the hospital, about this matter.

Liu Yuting spent a day alone with Zhang Qian. Liu Yuting found that Zhang Qian was like her; once she set her mind on someone, she wouldn't change. She also found that Zhang Qian had a kind of fanatical belief in Li Bufan, almost like worship.

And Liu Yuting knew that Li Bufan also had an indescribable liking for Zhang Qian. Liu Yuting thought, perhaps, before he leaves, he can see us getting along harmoniously, staying by his side together, and sending him off on his last journey.

Afterwards, Liu Yuting told Zhang Qian her thoughts.

"Oh. If the public finds out about doing this, won't it be bad?"

"Anyway, I don't care. I love Li Bufan, and that's enough."

Zhang Qian seemed to understand something, then nodded and linked arms with Liu Yuting.

"Okay, then from now on, we will be Li Bufan's women. From now on, we will be good sisters."

"Mm, okay!"

In the following days, Zhang Qian and Liu Yuting often went to the hospital together, watching Li Bufan's emaciated face from afar outside the intensive care unit, quietly waiting for a miracle to happen.

Will there be a miracle?

There will be!