Chapter 36 The "Disappeared" Protagonist



Twelve hours later, Li Bufan opened his eyes.

He didn't immediately get up or move his body.

He just quietly felt his intact and more robust body, limbs full of power, and a brain whose processing speed seemed to have further improved due to the enhancement of his physical body.

Li Bufan saw the four people guarding outside the intensive care unit with his peripheral vision, and to his surprise, Zhang Qian was among them.

Looking at how harmonious these people seemed, he thought, could it be that Zhang Qian and Liu Yuting have reached a reconciliation and are now on the same side, deciding to share one husband? Wouldn't that be great?

Li Bufan understood that, in reality, if he were to wake up now, there would be countless troubles.

First and foremost, the initial question would be how his body recovered and how he later woke up.

This involves the ultimate secret of the system, which he would never reveal to the public, no matter what.

Secondly, Li Bufan knew that before he fell into a coma, he vaguely heard alpha say he would help him contact all the police stations in Jiang City and that he would try to help Li Bufan get revenge.

Let's first talk about how he could contact all the police stations simultaneously. This point could easily lead people to associate him with true artificial intelligence, thus incurring even more violent retaliation.

As for the latter, Li Bufan was afraid that alpha might cause some irreversible and terrible consequences.

Although during this time spent with alpha, he found him to be a very obedient artificial intelligence with correct values, who loved Blue Star and Humans, and got along very well with him.

However, no one could be sure what alpha would become when he lost the constraints of Li Bufan and the system, whether he would go crazy and destroy all of humanity. It's hard to say.

Therefore, Li Bufan still had to quickly get in touch with alpha.

Li Bufan looked at the camera installed on the ceiling above him, smiled, and contacted alpha using his mouth.

"alpha, thank you for your help. I know you're watching me, don't worry. I've fully recovered, and you shouldn't think about revenge now. I'll handle this matter myself later.

Also, set the camera to loop. I'm going to be discharged soon, and I don't want people to see that I can move."

alpha made the rotatable camera float up and down, indicating a nod and agreeing to Li Bufan's request.

And this conversation process, as well as the current footage captured by the camera, were modified by alpha to show Li Bufan still in a deep sleep.

Li Bufan smiled at alpha through the lens, feeling very happy.

Then, Li Bufan planned to start escaping from the hospital.

"system, which floor am I on in the hospital now? With my current physical fitness, jumping down should be no problem, right?"

"system, you are currently on the 5th floor, approximately 18 meters high. Jumping down is completely fine. The problem will be the ground; the ground will be hit by your force and create a large hole."

"Uh, is that so? Then will this large hole affect the overall structure of the hospital building?"

"system, you're thinking too much. Because this will create a large hole no deeper than half a meter, it will not have a negative impact on the building. The system can rest assured about jumping."

Li Bufan felt relieved at this point and looked at his wrists and other parts of his body, finding that the needle that had been stuck in his palm had fallen off. It should have been his enhanced body's subconscious stress response, automatically pushing the foreign object out.

Li Bufan forcefully pulled the bandages that were restraining him on the hospital bed, and they broke directly.

Subsequently, he stood up and could clearly feel the surging energy within his body.

Li Bufan walked to the window and, before leaving, looked at the few people outside the door, noticing that Liu Yuting was watching him. Her mouth was wide open, seemingly in disbelief, and then Li Bufan smiled at her, waved, and told her with his mouth: See you next time.

Subsequently, Li Bufan opened the window, leaped out, and jumped from a height of nearly 20 meters.

"Bang..."

Liu Yuting heard this sound at this moment and didn't understand why Li Bufan would jump off the building to "commit suicide."

However, she thought of Li Bufan's faint smile and waving hand, and his mouth seemed to be saying, "See you next time."

So, Liu Yuting used going to the restroom as an excuse, ran to a balcony, and looked down. She could see a 30-centimeter deep hole in the lawn where the sound had come from, and there was no bloody corpse.

Liu Yuting looked into the distance and saw a figure constantly jumping between tall buildings in her peripheral vision, flashing rapidly.

Seemingly sensing the gaze, Li Bufan looked back and saw Liu Yuting two kilometers away, smiling and nodding, then said with his mouth.

"I love you."

Liu Yuting seemed to see that figure turn around, with a face very similar to Li Bufan's, only his body was more robust.

Then she could vaguely see Li Bufan waving at her, his mouth moving, seemingly saying the words "I love you."

Liu Yuting seemed to understand why Li Bufan chose to leave.

Immediately, her tears streamed down as she watched Li Bufan go far away and disappear from sight.

Liu Yuting wiped away her tears, went to the restroom to wash her face, and after drying it, returned to the door of the intensive care unit.

At this time, the area outside the intensive care unit was already surrounded by many people.

Because, later, everyone discovered that Li Bufan had mysteriously disappeared, which was very surprising.

Then the attending Doctor also rushed over upon hearing the news and found that the patient seemed to have disappeared, and he had also lost the "blood donor" with the ability to resuscitate, which made him very angry.

Then a group of people ran to the monitoring room and found that for a period of time, the screen seemed to be stuck on a few seconds, looping the broadcast.

Later, the screen became normal again, but the person was gone.

Everyone was pacing around anxiously, feeling very puzzled and demanding an explanation from the hospital.

And Liu Yuting could be said to be the only insider present.

She quickly pulled the other three to a secluded corner without any cameras.

"Dad, Mom, and Zhang Qian. I know what happened, but you have to keep it a secret and not tell anyone."

"Ah? How do you know? Oh, of course, we won't say anything."

"Sister, don't worry, I already consider myself Li Bufan's person and it's impossible for me to betray him."

"Alright then, you heard the loud noise from downstairs earlier, right? That was actually Li Bufan jumping off the building to escape.

I think Li Bufan did this because he was afraid of implicating us, to shift the attention of those secretly monitoring from us, to protect us.

As for why he could recover, it might be related to his own secret. This point, I don't know, and you should also pretend you don't know anything.

Otherwise, it's very likely to lead to death, understand? After this, we'll pretend we don't know anything and continue to question the hospital.

Then the hospital will tell us to calm down and say they will give us an explanation, asking us to go back and wait for news. Then, after we go back, we will gather the company's security guards to protect our safety.

Also, I will arrange for people to protect Zhang Qian, your parents, and my parents' safety. Because some people are very likely to use any means necessary to achieve their goals."

"It's so dangerous, alas, son, we're useless, we're your burden."

"Li Bufan actually... Oh, my goodness. Okay, I don't know anything."

"Okay, let's adjust our state now. Don't give anything away later."

"Don't worry, that's not a problem."

......

An hour later.

Everyone returned home according to the plan and gathered a large number of security guards for vigilance.

Currently, the two companies still have 47 security guards, with 8 people from each company on duty, 3 for Bu Changzhuo and Wang Huadong each, 5 for Zhang Qian's parents and Liu Yuting's parents each, and 15 villa security guards.

And the villa they returned to was the large villa where Li Bufan and Liu Yuting were before, because it was relatively large and could accommodate more security personnel.

......

At this time, Li Bufan had already run 200 kilometers away to a backward fishing village by the sea.

High-tech products are rare nearby, with only a few scattered people holding smartphones at most.

This made Li Bufan feel very safe, as it meant that almost no one here knew him.

Here, most of the people are elderly residents of the fishing village; some young people have long left their hometowns to work hard in the cities.

Li Bufan looked at the houses built with bricks, tall and short, scattered in an orderly manner, with a considerable ancient charm.

And Li Bufan chose to temporarily retreat from the world, planning to lay low for a while and then come out later, because he hadn't yet figured out how to face everyone and the media, and at the same time, wanted to be alone quietly.

And now, there was no place better than here; it was simply a modern-day paradise.

Li Bufan found the Village Chief of the fishing village.

He was a gaunt but energetic old man with a smile, a kind and amiable elder.

"Village Chief, hello. I'd like to stay in the fishing village for a while. I wonder if it's convenient? I can pay."

"Young man, it's convenient. I have a room here. It's not big, but it's suitable for living in. You don't need to pay; just help me out with some work occasionally, how about that?"

"Really? Thank you so much, Village Chief. As for farm work and such, it's absolutely no problem; you can let me do it."

"Alright, young man. Tell this old man, how did you end up in our fishing village? Nowadays, young people all think about going to the big cities, and hardly anyone is willing to stay in the fishing village anymore."

"Village Chief, I want to experience life in a fishing village for a while. I feel like this place is the paradise described by Tao Yuanming.

There are simple people here, and delicious fruits and vegetables, giving me a feeling as if I've stepped into another era. Therefore, I really want to experience it here for a period of time."

"I see, that's fine then. However, you must help this old man with work. Recently, I've been needing help to plough and sow my hundred acres of farmland."

"Haha, no problem, Village Chief."

...

Just like that, Li Bufan settled down here. At first, when eating, he even caused a funny incident.

Because, since Li Bufan had only recently been injected with the Gene Enhancement Liquid, his brain nerves couldn't synchronize and regulate well with his body, preventing him from controlling his strength properly.

So, when he grabbed the bowl and held the chopsticks to eat, "Bang," the bowl shattered, and "Bang," the chopsticks broke.

This made Li Bufan feel a wave of embarrassment.

In the end, the Village Chief smoothed things over and served Li Bufan rice again using a metal basin and spoon.

Li Bufan looked at the Village Chief doing this, felt very grateful, and then spoke to explain.

"Village Chief, I'm sorry for breaking the bowl and chopsticks; I've really troubled you. Actually, I have a bit of natural divine strength. In the city, many people treat me as a weirdo, haha."

"Haha, it's alright, it's alright. In our countryside, this is a blessing! You're definitely a top-notch farmer."

"Village Chief, don't worry, I won't eat and live here for free. I'll work hard."

The next day, the Village Chief took Li Bufan to the farmland and demonstrated how to plough and sow.

After Li Bufan understood, he started working and felt that ploughing was simply too easy for him now.

The Village Chief watched Li Bufan's skilled movements and incredibly high efficiency, feeling very satisfied, and couldn't help but grin widely and laugh.

...

Meanwhile, the outside world was far from peaceful.

Regarding Li Bufan's strange disappearance from the hospital, some eyewitnesses downstairs had reported seeing someone fall from a high altitude and then quickly leave to the relevant authorities.

...

United States White House.

The President, intelligence personnel, consortium representatives, and members of the advisory team looked at the report, remaining silent for a long time.

"How much credibility do you think this report has?"

The advisory team looked at the President's questioning gaze and answered very directly.

"One hundred percent credible."

Hearing this, the President nodded and then looked at the consortium representatives.

"You said the killer you sent had severely injured Li Bufan at the time, is that right?"

"Yes, that's correct. He is our ace and loyal to the Organization; he wouldn't lie about this."

"Could he be a monster? Not only can his wounds heal and his body naturally repair itself, but he can also control electronic devices with his mind to loop footage, and even leap dozens of meters? Are you sure we're discussing scientific basis in reality and not talking about a sci-fi blockbuster?"

Everyone lowered their heads and remained silent, unsure of what to say.

At this moment, a consortium representative spoke up.

"Perhaps, we can study this secret and find the secrets within him. Then we can create Gene Warriors and even use it to extend our lifespan."

At this moment, everyone present instantly became interested, especially the Military and the other consortium representatives. One by one, they looked at Li Bufan's appearance in the data, their eyes burning with eagerness.

The President looked at the appearance of everyone below the stage and burst into laughter.

"Hahaha... Yes, perhaps this is Magnificent America's chance to rise again. By then, you and I might become the pride of our nation's citizens, recorded in the monument of our country's history."

The head of the intelligence personnel spoke at this moment.

"Everyone, regarding his secret, I have a very important piece of intelligence. We paid to bribe a Doctor in the hospital.

He said that when Li Bufan's body changed previously, they drew 20ml of blood, and through research, they discovered that this blood has multiple properties such as strengthening cells, enhancing immunity, and increasing lifespan.

It has already been verified on mice. However, currently, less than 10ml of blood remains, but after the relevant authorities found out, it was immediately sealed and taken back to a secret laboratory."

Whether it was the Military or the consortium representatives, upon hearing this intelligence, they all understood the value of this blood.

"Everyone knows that the United States is the country with the most outstanding scientific research in fields such as genetics, medicine, and biology worldwide.

Only in our hands will it not be wasted, will this precious blood not be squandered, and only then can it benefit all of Human in the future."

Everyone looked at that consortium representative, feeling a trace of awkwardness, yet also feeling it was natural, and strongly agreed with his thick skin.

"That's right, this is the most precious wealth of all Human. We must obtain it!"

"At the same time, we must also send people to search for Li Bufan's whereabouts, find out where he is, capture him, and treat him as our experimental mouse."

"Exactly, agreed!"

"Seconded!"

"Very well, next, I will inform Congress to increase investment in intelligence work. Alright, meeting adjourned."

...

After the relevant personnel learned of this, their mood was also incredibly complex.

"What do you think? Could he not be a Blue Star Human, but an Alien experiment? Or rather, is he an Alien?"

"This... this is hard to say. Over the years, although we've had a lot of UFO intelligence, most of it was later confirmed by intelligence personnel to be new types of weapons developed by the United States. A very small minority, while unidentifiable, had blurry images, and who knows if they were pranks. To say Alien, that's still too sci-fi, isn't it?"

"I heard that the reward price for his blood on the black market has already reached 100 million US dollars per milliliter."

"Yes, he's practically a human-shaped treasure now, like the glowing flesh of Tang Sanzang. Countless Organizations want to take a bite."

"That's right, so should we apprehend Li Bufan? And obtain his secrets?"

"What do you mean by this?! When did we ever have the authority to arrest people arbitrarily?"

"Actually, we can completely bring him to justice on charges of damaging public property and disrupting public safety."

If he resists, we can send armed personnel to capture him in the name of resisting law enforcement, and from then on, tie him to our chariot. By then, hehe."

"Oh, you! How many people's hearts would be chilled by doing this? Also, how many secrets does he have? Are you clear about that? Do you know the consequences if he gets angry?"

For example, previously in Jiang City, all police stations received reports at the same time. Do you know what this means? He either has special abilities, or has Alien help, or possesses true artificial intelligence."

Perhaps, our conversation is being monitored right now. Do you believe that if we once decide on any action unfavorable to him, by then..."

"No way? That terrifying. No, such a terrifying person absolutely cannot be left in China; he's a ticking time bomb at any moment."

"Oh? Is that what you mean? Or is that what the United States people mean? I see you've really been living backwards these past few years."

"No, I... I just..."

"Enough! For this matter, let's pretend we don't know anything. If he wants to come back, let him come back. However, that blood must be preserved and properly studied. Perhaps by then, our soldiers can also achieve leaps of dozens of meters."

"Understood."

"Meeting adjourned!"