Chapter 39: Bionic Instructor



The next day, Li Bufan and Bu Changzhuo held a meeting for the company employees and handed over the CEO's affairs to Li Bufan.

During the meeting, Li Bufan made a simple statement regarding the incident of the company being invaded during the previous period, stating that it was just a misunderstanding and everyone didn't need to worry.

At the same time, he again gave commendations for everyone's performance, stating that each person would receive a bonus equal to three months' salary this month.

Then, two more people were promoted, one was Wu Xiuli from the Secretary Department, and the other was Wang Zixu from the Software Development Department.

The two people were respectively promoted to Head of the Secretary Department and Head of the Technical Department, overseeing the Secretary Department, as well as overseeing the Software Development Department and Special Effects Department.

After this series of actions, everyone basically accepted Li Bufan as the new official taking office.

"Everyone, I know that some of you don't believe what I just said about being able to protect you.

It's okay, time can prove everything.

Because, next, I will establish a multinational security company that does not provide services to individuals and companies."

"In China, it will only serve our Zhi Gao Software and the adjacent Huanyu Film and Television, used to protect the life safety of every employee and the company's property under my industries."

"As for this company, it will be registered overseas, employees will receive formal militarized training, and the entire company will implement militarized management.

We will recruit outstanding employees from all over the world, send them to the headquarters to receive two months of training, and after that, everyone who stays at the headquarters must participate in small-scale local wars as mercenaries.

Each person must have at least one battlefield experience before they will be sent back to China to be bodyguards.

As for the company executives, they will be able to enjoy the dedicated protection of those veterans who have undergone multiple baptisms of war."

"So, from now on, everyone work hard, the company can completely guarantee everyone's safety.

If everyone has anything in the future, you can find your superiors or communicate with me, okay, that's it, meeting adjourned."

After the meeting ended, Li Bufan discussed it with the company's legal personnel, and subsequently, a dedicated person handled the company registration.

First, the first company is Huanyu Security Company, personally wholly-owned by Li Bufan, with a registered capital of 1 billion US dollars, and the registered location is the Cayman Islands.

Second, the second company is a branch company located in China, Huanyu Security (China) Company.

The registered capital is 2 billion yuan, and the registered location is Jiang City.

After that, for the specific recruitment work, Li Bufan will need to personally figure out a way.

Li Bufan returned to the office and felt the system could help him.

"system, is there any way you can help me recruit personnel willing to participate in the baptism of war, preferably mostly overseas Chinese from all over the world?

Moreover, I hope they have absolute loyalty to me, is there any way?"

"system, there are many methods.

Currently, I recommend the system to adopt bionic human instructors to train and manage.

Because, they will be absolutely loyal to the system.

Secondly, you can assist by using a brainwave identifier to know whether the employee is sincere or a spy.

Among them, one bionic human costs 8000 points and comes with free knowledge in areas such as language, military, diplomacy, and management, which can be quickly mastered.

The brainwave identifier costs 2000 points."

"system, can you tell me more about bionic humans?"

"Yes, system.

The IMI type bionic human is the lowest end and most general bionic human series.

Species, can be set.

Appearance, can be set.

Memory, can be set.

Thinking, can be set, etc., all can be set.

The skin is like a real person's, but it is very hard and can withstand ordinary bullets.

Compared to the system, it's a bit inferior, equivalent to Human quality after moderate genetic enhancement.

It can eat and digest food, and can also replenish energy by absorbing electrical energy not exceeding 40KV voltage.

It can conduct communication and interaction through various communication methods such as language, electromagnetic signals, and brainwaves.

It can live in space and does not need oxygen, but that way, it will consume stored energy.

Energy can be replenished by bioenergy or electrical energy.

In a full state, it can continuously work for 2400 hours.

In short, bionic humans are essential tool-people during all system rookie periods.

As for the ultra-low discounted price of 8000 points, the system can only enjoy 10 spots.

After exceeding, 80,000 points will need to be consumed to exchange for one."

Li Bufan thought for a while and felt that the brainwave identifier could be set up at the headquarters, and only one would be needed.

As for bionic human instructors, at least one Chinese face and one Western face are needed, so that when dealing with certain issues, as well as when recruiting employees, outstanding talents from around the globe can be obtained.

"Then I want two bionic humans.

One Chinese face and one Western face, both people's appearances should be burly and a bit serious, and should have a military aura.

After that, I also want a brainwave identifier."

"Okay, system.

Please see if this appearance is okay?"

Subsequently, two three-dimensional figures appeared in Li Bufan's mind, along with their introductions.

Li Bufan felt these settings were very good and nothing needed to be modified.

"Okay, let's do this."

"Then where will they be summoned?

Next to you?"

"No no no, how about this.

I'll run to the seaside in a bit, and then say okay."

Li Bufan really didn't want these two people to inexplicably "be born" in Jiang City and be discovered by people.

He ran for about two hours.

By the seaside, a place with no human habitation.

"Okay, just put them here."

"Okay, system."

Suddenly, two clusters of particles respectively condensed in the air, forming two bionic humans.

"Master, I am IMI001, reporting to you."

"Master, I am IMI002, reporting to you."

At this moment, the two bionic humans stood at attention and saluted towards Li Bufan, their movements uniform and very standard.

"Mm, okay, how about this, first I'll give you two names.

IMI001, since you are a Chinese face, then I will bestow upon you the surname 'Li', and you shall be called Li Youcai.

IMI002, since you are a Western face, you shall be called Adam, and your Chinese name shall be Adam."

"Okay, Master, thank you Master for bestowing names."

"Mm, I'm very curious, do you both know your birth?"

"Yes, we know, at the beginning of my birth, I was in front of Master, so Master, you are our Master, and as for before birth, we only have memories of knowledge, skills, etc., we don't know about other things."

"Uh, okay, can you tell me about what else you remember?"

"Of course it's knowledge and various skills.

We know 32 languages, sea, land, and air tactics, the art of diplomacy, business management, commercial finance, etc.

At the same time, we can directly connect to the internet in our minds and conduct communication and interaction on the internet.

You can also use the internet to issue combat orders and instructions to us."

"Quite good.

Okay, next, you two help me establish a headquarters base overseas, and then wear this device like a headband properly.

The bank card account and password are respectively xxx.

After the headquarters is established, I will then give you further instructions."

"Okay, Master.

Is that device the brainwave identifier?"

"Uh, yes, how did you know?"

"Because we can read the wireless signals emitted by this brainwave identifier, it's very simple."

"Mm, okay.

Anyway, the people you recruit in the future need to exclude spies and choose those who are loyal to the company and me, and friendly to China, understood?"

"Master, we understand."

"Mm, okay.

Oh right, how do I contact you?"

"Master, you can tell alpha that we just met on the internet.

He told me that he is your good helper, and you can also ask him if you have any questions and let him convey them on your behalf."

"Mm, okay then, you two set off."