Chapter 15: How to spend 100 billion?



The astronomical donation of 10 billion us dollars, after being posted on Weibo, immediately caused a magnitude 12 earthquake.

Weibo's official team quickly detected a large number of traffic, far exceeding that of the same period, including not only network addresses from China, but also IPs from abroad.

After verification by Weibo's official team, they were also shocked by the 10 billion us dollar donation, but there was nothing they could do, so they could only assume that this company had too much money and nowhere to spend it.

Soon, #Zhi Gao Charity Fund# and #10 Billion US Dollar Astronomical Donation# were trending.

There were always onlookers everywhere, and soon, a large number of retweets, likes, and especially comments appeared under that Weibo post.

Due to Smart Mutual Translation, there are now tens of millions of users both domestically and internationally. Some foreigners are trying to use Smart Mutual Translation to access websites in China, such as Weibo.

Therefore, in the comments section, there were not only comments from people in China, but also from citizens of countries such as Japan, South Korea, France, the United States, India, and John Bull.

"Support Zhi Gao Software, the pride of China. Earn foreign money and donate it to China."

"There's nothing more to say, in a word, it's support. I'll go back and pay for their Smart Mutual Translation."

"You in China can't be stingy. You should know that our country often helps the world, whether it's economically or through relief efforts, our country's presence is always there."

"The person above said the opposite. Your country is precisely the reason why civilians in some small countries are displaced. You have dropped the most bombs in other countries, plundered countless resources, yet you act like a saint internationally. It's too shameful."

"Exactly, the person above is right. No matter who you donate to, don't donate to your country."

"Everyone, it's meaningless to discuss the right and wrong of war here. The purpose of everyone coming here is to support those who need help. I suggest that Zhi Gao Charity should adopt a strategy of focusing on China and supplementing with foreign aid in the future for charitable assistance."

"Highlight the key point, didn't you notice that the Weibo mentioned nurturing our Blue Star? This means they not only want to help people, but also protect the environment and save endangered animals and plants."

"Exactly, I agree with the person above. I think Zhi Gao Charity should be like this. Be a unique charity fund and set a good example for some organizations."

...

Soon, the company phone kept ringing. After the customer service answered, they found that everyone was inquiring about the authenticity of the donation.

After learning that they were indeed donating 10 billion us dollars, the Reporters became excited. This was simply incredible, so they all thought of titles and published them on various media outlets.

"Donating 10 billion us dollars, is it willfulness, or having too much money and nowhere to spend it?"

"A charity fund with a capital pool of up to 10 billion us dollars - Zhi Gao Charity Fund."

"The first transparent, open, and supervised charity fund."

"Is there some hidden agenda behind the 10 billion us dollar donation?"

Some Reporters even wanted to come to the company for interviews, but at the instruction of Li Bufan, they were all rejected.

He saw the malicious hype from those media outlets online and didn't know whether to praise them or scold them.

It was clear that some media outlets were damaging the company's reputation, but at the same time, more people also learned about Zhi Gao Software and started downloading Smart Mutual Translation.

As of now, the download volume of Smart Mutual Translation users has reached 25.86 million, with 17.53 million in China. The number of paid users has reached 10.75 million.

Regarding the charity fund, after Li Bufan transferred 10 billion us dollars, he didn't manage it much and handed it over to Bu Changzhuo for management.

After recruiting a suitable fund manager, Bu Changzhuo will also transfer the management rights of the charity fund and focus on company affairs.

Li Bufan was very happy with the role that 10 billion us dollars could play.

Because, for him, donating is equivalent to 

Krypton Gold

.

The more he donates, the more 

Krypton Gold

, and the more points he earns.

Li Bufan checked the system mall.

"Ding, system has recharged 9900 points, current balance is 150,200 points."

Li Bufan temporarily has no plans to use the points, although there are indeed many good things inside, divided into two categories: technology side and cultivation side.

Among them, the technology side not only has Gene Repair Fluid that increases and delays aging, but also Gene Enhancement Liquid that strengthens the body, and countless black technology technical data and finished products.

Li Bufan briefly looked at the cultivation side, and what caught his eye were some cultivation methods and their expensive prices.

Although Li Bufan could afford a few basic cultivation manuals, Li Bufan didn't plan to do so. The main reason was that Li Bufan asked one more question before purchasing.

"System, how powerful will this 'Star Qi Absorption Art' be when cultivated to great success, and how long will it take for me to cultivate with my aptitude?"

"system, this 'Star Qi Absorption Art' is divided into two volumes, upper and lower.

Volume 1, when cultivated to the realm of great success, grants a lifespan of 500 years and a body immune to fire and water, impervious to swords and spears.

However, with the system's aptitude and the spiritual energy environment of Blue Star's high-dimensional space, system will need 238 years to cultivate to great success.

Warm reminder, system does not recommend system cultivate cultivation methods, because the spiritual energy, or a certain special Dark Energy, in the spatial dimensions corresponding to Blue Star is too scarce, belonging to the era of the end of Dharma.

Furthermore, to achieve similar effects, you can completely use the Gene Enhancement Liquid from the technology side.

The realm of great success corresponds to Level 1 Superior Gene Enhancement Fluid, priced at 50,000 points per bottle.

Lower level enhancement fluids are divided into Level 1 Primary Enhancement Fluid and Level 1 Intermediate Enhancement Fluid, corresponding to entry and minor success in cultivation methods, with lifespans of 200 years and 300 years respectively, and required points of 2000 points and 10000 points respectively.

Therefore, it is recommended that system focus on developing technology on Blue Star. When you enter interstellar space in the future, cultivation civilization will be a boost to your progress."

Therefore, Li Bufan plans to save these points and exchange them for technologies such as Controlled nuclear fusion, thereby raising the civilization level of Blue Star.

...

Regarding the company's funds of over 120 billion yuan, in addition to the over 60 billion yuan used for establishing the charity fund, there is still over 60 billion yuan.

Regarding this money, Li Bufan's plan is as follows:

First, aggressively recruit people, hiring various talents, including scientific and technical personnel, not limited to programmers.

There are also some such as mathematicians, physicists, communication engineers, mechanical engineers, etc. These people will require approximately 1 billion yuan in annual salaries.

Second, purchase the building he is currently leasing. This will require approximately 300 million yuan.

Third, establish a high-tech laboratory and purchase advanced equipment. This will require approximately 5 billion yuan.

Fourth, establish a high-performance server cluster to serve users. This is actually a cover for the quantum computer where alpha is located.

Place normal services in the server cluster, and use the quantum computer for specific services. This will require approximately 2 billion yuan.

Fifth, distribute a company dividend of 10 billion yuan, with Li Bufan receiving 9.8 billion, and Bu Changzhuo and Wang Huadong each receiving 100 million yuan.

Sixth, build the headquarters building of Zhi Gao Software, connected to the laboratory area. This will require approximately 3 billion yuan.

Seventh, the remaining approximately 40 billion yuan will be used as the company's reserve fund, in case it is needed at some point, such as for acquiring certain companies or making certain investments.

Therefore, Li Bufan told his plan to Bu Changzhuo and Wang Huadong, and they all agreed.

Then, Bu Changzhuo began contacting the relevant departments in Jiang City and obtained a 10-square-kilometer plot of land in the suburbs, costing approximately 3 billion yuan.

After that, Bu Changzhuo began publishing the money-sprinkling plan on the official website and Weibo.

The onlookers were already numb to Zhi Gao Software's extravagance, and upon learning that the current number of employees was less than a hundred, they couldn't help but praise the small number of people and large amount of money, and were very envious of those employees.

Therefore, seeing the high-paying recruitment information, many people began to get restless and contacted Zhi Gao Software, wanting to apply for certain positions.

For those construction companies, server suppliers, and laboratory equipment procurement companies, it was like sharks encountering a school of fish, and they were very excited.

Therefore, they began bidding on the official website and will come to the company conference room in a few days for review and evaluation by professional personnel to select the most suitable companies.

Ultimately, the high-performance server cluster was won by IBM from the United States, with a total cost of approximately 2.218 billion yuan.

The design plan for the headquarters building finally adopted the design company from France, with a design fee of 50 million yuan.

The headquarters building is 112 meters tall, with 43 floors above ground and 3 underground floors, capable of accommodating tens of thousands of people.

From a high-altitude perspective, the headquarters building will be S-shaped, unique, and very fitting for the company's brand.

The laboratory's exterior is quite ordinary, with nothing special about it.

The laboratory building is 66 meters tall, with 28 floors above ground and 6 underground floors.

The construction of the headquarters building and the laboratory were awarded to China Construction Third Engineering Bureau and Jiang City Construction respectively, with costs of 2.658 billion yuan and 1.576 billion yuan.

The equipment supplier is the famous foreign company, Kaiser Heavy Industry.

This company is openly engaged in heavy industry production, but secretly uses this identity to purchase various equipment in multiple countries, especially experimental equipment that is prohibited from being exported to China.

However, their Boss is also very good at managing relationships; they usually share the profits with certain national officials, which also makes those countries turn a blind eye to them.

Therefore, many large companies in China have close cooperation with Kaiser Heavy Industry.

Of course, although Kaiser Heavy Industry helps transport embargoed goods, including ASML's newer 10nm lithography machines.

However, they dare not transport some of the latest technological products, otherwise, no matter how they bribe certain senators, the senators will not tolerate it.

Precisely because Kaiser implemented the second-best strategy, which is not to buy the best but only the second-best, their underground business is very popular, which also earned Kaiser Heavy Industry a large amount of wealth.

For embargoed equipment, although Kaiser Heavy Industry can obtain it, for buyers in China, they need to pay 2-5 times the selling price, so many companies in China have quite a few complaints about this.

......

Meanwhile, in the days following the press conference, Li Bufan frequently contacted Zuckerberg from Facebook and members of their Technical Department.

Among them, Zuckerberg asked Li Bufan a question that made Li Bufan feel a bit awkward.

"My dear Li, do you know that although our stock price has risen, it has fallen back down, with a final increase of less than 3%, which is very frustrating for me."

"My dear Zuckerberg, why did it fall back down afterwards?"

"Alas, this is all thanks to those damned consortia behind Twitter.

Although the consortia behind our Facebook have started to exert their influence, they are always attacking us in public opinion.

As you know, it's not difficult to ruin a company's reputation, but it's very difficult to make it better.

Also, Twitter asked us a very fatal question."

"Hmm? What question?"

"Some of them said that your Smart Mutual Translation has installed a backdoor program that will infringe on users' privacy and data security.

If Facebook installs this plugin, it will be fatal for freedom-loving people.

Honestly tell me, your Smart Mutual Translation doesn't really have a backdoor program, does it?"

"How is that possible? Our Zhi Gao Software disdains doing such a short-sighted thing.

Our aim is to serve our users better."

"My dear Li, I also believe that you wouldn't do such a thing.

However, if there is no effective evidence, it will be very difficult for me.

Relevant departments have already put pressure on us."

"Oh my god, these senators bought by money.

Then tell me, what should we do? Make this rumor disappear?"

"My dear Li, you can provide the source code to our Facebook.

Please rest assured that our management and protection of the source code will be very high and it will not be obtained by hackers.

Furthermore, we guarantee that we will only use the code within Facebook and will not release a separate product to compete with you in the market, nor will we use the source code to cooperate with other companies.

I wonder if this is acceptable?"

"Mr. Zuckerberg, we didn't say that before.

It's impossible to give you the source code unless your Facebook is willing to give up half of its shares, then I will agree to you.

Otherwise, don't even think about it.

I will provide you with the corresponding interface according to the contract for you to use.

Of course, this interface will be offline, meaning you can use this interface offline.

This way, because there is no network information exchange, our backend will not be able to know your specific usage.

As for what you do after you get it, I don't care, even if you cooperate with your government and Military, I don't care, as long as it doesn't affect the normal operation of our company.

Mr. Zuckerberg, I wonder if this proposal can satisfy you and the consortia behind you?"

"You cunning fellow.

Alright, as long as our side tests it and there are no problems, then it's fine."

"Alright, goodbye, Zuckerberg."

In fact, Li Bufan did leave a backdoor in the Smart Mutual Translation, but with the current methods, it cannot be discovered.

Because these backdoors do not transmit data to the server during normal times; they only function after the server sends a specific signal.

At Facebook's Technical Department, after they provided the required API interface format, Li Bufan instructed alpha to create it.

Finally, after Facebook found no Bugs or backdoor communication and confirmed that the interface fully met the expected functions, both parties reached a consensus and completed the previous transaction.

As for when Facebook chooses to launch the plugin and how to conduct public relations and promotion, these matters are no longer related to Li Bufan.

In the past few days, with the increase in company recruitment, the ordinary employees have gone from not even filling the 2nd floor to now almost filling the 2nd and 3rd floors.

The 4th and 5th floors are temporarily reserved, but with continuous recruitment, the 4th floor will also be full in a few days, and recruitment will stop then.

The 5th floor will be used as a backup.

The 6th floor is exclusively for the company's senior management and has dedicated offices.

Li Bufan felt that as the business increased, the number of personnel would inevitably increase, and at that time, this building would not be able to accommodate all employees for work.

Therefore, Li Bufan specifically called and consulted China Construction Third Engineering Bureau, which was undertaking the construction of the headquarters building.

The result was that it would take 3 years to complete.

This made Li Bufan very depressed, so he found the president of China Construction Third Engineering Bureau.

"Hello, I am Li Bufan from Zhi Gao Software.

May I ask if you are the president of China Construction Third Engineering Bureau?"

"Mm, yes, hello.

May I ask what is the matter?"

"It's like this, your China Construction Third Engineering Bureau won the bid for our headquarters building.

I previously consulted the relevant person in charge, and his answer was that it would take 3 years to complete.

I want to know if the speed can be accelerated, after all, that area is currently in the suburbs, with not much pedestrian traffic or housing.

So, I want to ask if construction can be done 24 hours a day?

Regarding overtime pay, we can cover it.

We want to use the headquarters building as soon as possible.

I wonder how long it would take to complete at the fastest?"

"Oh, I see.

I have also looked into this project.

The previous person in charge said it would be completed in 3 years, which means completion under normal circumstances.

If you can pay more, we can also speed up the progress.

I estimated that the construction period can be advanced to one and a half years.

However, it will require double the cost, I wonder if you are willing?"

"So you are saying that it can be completed in the fastest time within 1 and a half years?

But, double?

Does that mean double the 2.658 billion yuan?"

"Mm, that's right.

How about this, after all, this is also a big project for you.

I'll make the decision and give you a preferential price, 5 billion yuan will do.

I guarantee that it will be completed with quality and quantity within 1 and a half years, what do you think?"

"Uh, the price has indeed increased a lot.

Never mind, we are also in a hurry, let's do it this way, we agree.

You send someone over tomorrow, we will amend the contract, and then we will transfer the money to your account."

"Haha, you are straightforward, your company is really generous."

"Mm, hehe, let's leave it at that."

Thus, in order to move into the headquarters building as soon as possible, Li Bufan spent an additional 2 billion yuan.

At this time, a week had passed since the press conference.

Now the company is developing steadily, and there are no new products to be released.

The profits from the company's Smart Mutual Translation product can completely cover the salary expenses.

Therefore, apart from being busy with the charity fund, recruitment, and bidding in the past few days, Li Bufan and the other two have been very relaxed these past few days, usually sitting in the office.

Occasionally dealing with trivial matters, at other times, the three of them team up to play Glory of Kings, living a very comfortable life.