Chapter 0007: Countdown to Product Launch



The next day, 7 AM.

"Good news, good news, the business license is out!"

Bu Changzhuo shouted happily after receiving a phone notification from the school's Entrepreneurship College.

"Wow! That's great! A lot of things will be much more convenient now!"

Li Bufan was also very happy to hear that the business license had been processed.

Li Bufan said to Bu Changzhuo: "Bu Changzhuo, give me the teacher's contact information, and then I'll go to the school around 8 o'clock.

The teacher should be there then.

Then, I'll go handle the company's bank account and other matters.

I'll trouble you with the recruitment this morning."

Bu Changzhuo nodded, "No problem, the teacher's phone number is 177****7619."

Just like that, after Li Bufan and the other two got up and washed, they went downstairs to a breakfast shop, had a few bowls of tofu pudding, and ate some fried dumplings.

Li Bufan then set off by himself.

"Hello, Teacher, I am Li Bufan, Bu Changzhuo's friend.

This morning you told him the business license was ready, but he is in charge of recruiting some employees this morning and doesn't have time to come to the school to see you, so I came.

Uh, yes, we are all from the same startup company.

To be honest, it's actually my startup project, and I pulled Bu Changzhuo into it, hehe.

Oh, oh, you are in Boyuan Building A308, okay, I'll come over, see you later, Teacher."

After walking into the campus, Li Bufan made a call to the teacher from the Entrepreneurship College.

The teacher asked him some questions, and after learning the location of the teacher's office, he ran over excitedly.

After a while, Li Bufan walked to the door of A308, breathing heavily.

He took a few deep breaths to adjust his state.

"Knock, knock, knock, excuse me, is anyone there?"

"Yes, please come in."

"Student, who are you?"

"Hello Teacher, I am the one who just spoke with you on the phone, I am Li Bufan, and I would like to get the business license today."

"Okay, good.

I have already obtained the original business license, it's on the table, take a look."

"Yes, yes, it is indeed our company's.

Thank you, Teacher!"

"As a teacher of the Entrepreneurship College, I'm very curious, what is your company's product?

If it's inconvenient to say, just forget it."

"There's nothing that can't be said, after all, our product is already finished, and we are just waiting for the business license before we can launch it."

"Simply put, our product is intelligent machine translation.

Uh, the effect, well, it surpasses Baidu Translate in China, and also surpasses Google Translate internationally.

Of course, in addition to simple translation, our product also has other functions, which I won't elaborate on one by one.

Oh, right, let me tell you in advance, foreign friends will visit China in a few days, and you will know then.

I won't say more than that."

"Well, if your translation effect is truly globally leading, then there is indeed a lot of profit potential and a large market.

Not bad, as university students, you should dare to challenge and innovate.

I think highly of you, keep it up.

As for the news of foreign friends visiting China that you mentioned, I don't know how you found out.

However, I suppose we'll know when the time comes.

That's it then, do you need anything else?"

"Uh, Teacher.

I don't need anything else.

Thank you again, Teacher.

I'm leaving, I hope you have a pleasant day!"

Goodbye."

After speaking, Li Bufan turned and left.

The teacher watched Li Bufan leave and muttered to himself in a low voice.

"Hehe, this little guy seems quite talented.

Especially that confidence of his, I've never seen anyone possess it before.

It seems that when the college's performance is evaluated this year, my results will definitely increase significantly.

Maybe becoming the Assistant Hospital Director of the Entrepreneurship College will be just around the corner."

...

At this moment, Li Bufan walked out of the campus with his backpack.

"Okay, I've got the business license, so next I'll go to the bank to open a company account.

When I transfer money later, I'll just exchange it directly into the bank card."

"Uh, right, what if the nearby banks have limits?

I want the kind with no limit for large transactions, and preferably free interbank transfers.

I'll go check out China Merchants Bank next to the school first."

...

Two security guards stood at the bank entrance.

Walking into the bank, a bank employee greeted him.

She smiled gently at Li Bufan and then asked: "Mr., may I ask what service you need?"

"I'd like to go to the VIP counter, I wonder if that's possible.

I want to open an account for my company and need a large transaction limit.

I wonder where the manager here is, I'd like to communicate with him privately."

Upon hearing "large transaction", the employee's eyes lit up, and she quickly nodded, saying: "Yes, I will take you to see our manager, you can communicate with him."

"Manager Zhou, this person is looking for you, saying there's a large transaction.

You can discuss the specifics."

When Manager Zhou saw the employee leading Li Bufan, who looked like a poor boy, his expression was a little annoyed, thinking that Li Bufan might have tricked her.

However, as a manager, he still had the necessary professionalism, so he asked Li Bufan: "Mr., may I ask, what service do you need?"

Li Bufan saw his previous expression but didn't make a fuss or anything.

He calmly said: "I need to open a bank card for my company, to be used as the company's dedicated account.

Then, I want to ask if interbank transfers are free, and what the maximum daily spending limit is.

Is there a type with no limit, for example, if I deposit 100 million and then immediately transfer 100 million to another account, I wonder if that's possible?"

When the manager heard "100 million", he found it a bit unbelievable.

How could this poor boy have so much money?

Then he said: "Regarding company account opening, generally speaking, the maximum daily expenditure is 100,000 yuan, and the maximum monthly expenditure is 1 million yuan.

Regarding interbank transfers, there is a handling fee, but it won't be much, only three-thousandths."

Li Bufan shook his head, very dissatisfied and a little impatient, and said: "Let's be direct, I might deposit tens of millions later.

But I need to rent an office building, which will require paying several million at once.

So, I want to ask, what is the maximum limit for a China Merchants Bank account, and is there a type with no transfer limit?

And as for the handling fee, even if there is one, it's best if the proportion of the fee decreases as the amount of money increases.

For example, transferring 100 million shouldn't cost 300,000 just in handling fees, right?

No matter how rich you are, you can't waste money, can you?"

When the manager heard that he was going to deposit tens of millions, his attitude immediately changed.

He realized that Li Bufan was pretending to be weak to catch a tiger.

So, his attitude immediately became respectful, and he said: "Mr., our bank does have high-end services, but you need to prove your assets to apply for them.

For example, if you have 10 million and 1 billion, the preferential conditions are naturally different."

Li Bufan thought for a moment and didn't refuse, so he asked the manager: "Manager, I wonder if I only deposit 10 million initially, and then someone transfers 1 billion to my bank card later, will I automatically be upgraded to the relevant VIP level, such as getting transfer discounts and large expenditure limits?"

The manager nodded and said: "This operation is possible, but in principle, you need to come to a bank branch in person to apply for the VIP upgrade service.

However, as long as you sign a VIP automatic upgrade agreement with us in advance, we can handle it for you."

Li Bufan nodded upon hearing this.

He continued: "Then, if I am a 1 billion level VIP, what is the maximum daily expenditure amount?

Also, what is the handling fee for interbank transfers?

And, does your bank offer interest on current deposits?"

The manager thought for a while and replied: "At the 1 billion level, you are a valued customer, there is no limit on daily expenditure.

Of course, the actual maximum expenditure is your bank card balance.

Also, the handling fee for interbank transfers is one-thousandth, with a maximum of 500,000 yuan.

As for interest on current deposits, we can offer an annualized rate of two percent."

Li Bufan nodded, thinking that the 1 billion level VIP was acceptable, but then remembering that he didn't have that much money, he asked: "I wonder if I only deposit 10 million initially, what is the maximum daily expenditure?

Because I need to rent an office building later, which might require transferring several million at once, I wonder if that's possible?"

The manager nodded and said: "Yes, it is.

If you want to save on interbank transaction fees, you can transfer to his China Merchants Bank account, which will save you tens of thousands of yuan in handling fees."

Li Bufan heard this and felt that there were basically no problems.

So, he walked with him to the VIP service counter inside the bank and submitted documents such as a copy of his ID card and a copy of the business license.

After a moment, the employee entered the information and asked Li Bufan to set the account's payment password and the online banking account password.

These two are different; the former is a 6-digit number composed of 0-9 digits, and the latter supports uppercase and lowercase 26 letters as well as 0-9 digits.

15 minutes later, Li Bufan walked out of the bank's main door holding the newly processed bank card, online banking U-shield, and a series of documents.

At this time, it was already 10 o'clock.

Li Bufan thought about the next plan and made a simple outline:

First, the startup funds in the bank card need to be exchanged using system points later.

Second, I need to register a domain name; I hope it hasn't been snatched up, or it will be a headache.

Third, I need to find the CEO of Dahua Logistics and rent the office building from him.

Fourth, the company's online payment accounts need to be applied for on ZhiFuTong, Micro-Speech Pay, and the foreign ePay for convenient online transfers later.

Fifth, the company's new product currently seems to be free and hasn't added a paid feature yet.

The current plan is that users will have a 24-hour trial period after downloading.

After the trial period ends, a usage period needs to be purchased.

Pricing can be: 7 days, 5 yuan / 0.99 us dollar; 30 days, 12 yuan / 1.99 us dollar; 90 days, 30 yuan / 4.99 us dollar; 365 days, 99 yuan / 12.99 us dollar.

One account can support a maximum of two clients logged in simultaneously, including PC and mobile clients.

If the quota needs to be increased, an additional 50% fee is required for each quota.

At this time, Li Bufan returned home and found that neither of them was home, which was perfect as he needed to handle some matters.

"System, I want to exchange 2 million us dollars into this bank card."

"Okay, system.

200 points have been spent, 300 points remaining."

"Your bank card has received 12,854,694 yuan."

The phone prompted that a new text message was received.

Li Bufan was very proud to see so much money; he had never seen so much money before.

But before two seconds passed, the system prompt sounded.

"System, perhaps you don't understand the preciousness of points.

You should know that exchanging 1 million us dollars for 1 point is a reasonable price.

It is recommended not to use the reverse exchange function in the future."

"Also, a reminder to the system, there are only 4 days, 11 hours, and 43 minutes until the mission handover time."

At this time, Li Bufan realized that his actions were still too slow and he needed to speed up.

Li Bufan opened his computer and checked for domain names under his company's name on Tencent Cloud, finding that no one had registered them, and a .com top-level domain name was only 55 yuan per year, which was very cheap.

So, Li Bufan directly purchased 12 types of domain names, including .com, in one go, then bought the maximum 5-year term, spending a total of 13,789 yuan.

Then he started contacting the CEO of Dahua Logistics, asking if he was free this afternoon and stating that the funds were ready for the lease.

After receiving a positive reply, Li Bufan felt relieved.

At noon, Li Bufan informed the other two about the current achievements and showed them the bank balance, which surprised and excited them.

Then, Li Bufan asked them to hurry up with procurement, hoping the office building could be used by tomorrow or the day after.

Since Li Bufan had arranged to meet Dahua Logistics CEO Zhang Aiguo at 2:30, Li Bufan decided to go to a nearby mall to get himself a new outfit.

After all, clothes make the man; he had been secretly looked down upon many times.

The person he was meeting this time was the CEO of a top 500 company in China; he couldn't let him think he wasn't giving him face.

Spending over 48,000, Li Bufan was completely refreshed from head to toe.

Li Bufan narcissistically looked in the mirror and found that he did look good in a suit, quite a handsome young man.

Li Bufan waited quietly at the office building reception.

Around 2:25, Li Bufan saw a middle-aged man accompanied by two burly men, presumably Zhang Aiguo's bodyguards.

So, Li Bufan quickly stepped forward to show respect.

"My young friend, looking at you, it seems you haven't been an adult for long.

You're really young.

Thinking back to when I was your age, I was still messing around outside."

Hearing this, Li Bufan scratched his head, feeling a bit embarrassed.

"Uncle, I just graduated from university this year and I'm already 23 years old.

We have started a company now, related to internet software.

Just this morning we got the business license, and this afternoon we arranged to meet you."

"Haha, well said, well said.

What project are you doing?

Do you need angel investment?

If your project is indeed good, I can consider investing.

Also, for your startup company, why do you want to rent an entire building?

I presume your company doesn't have many people.

It's not that I look down on you, but you've just graduated, and the money you have is probably what your parents gave you during university, so you shouldn't have much money.

So, how long do you plan to lease it?"

Li Bufan was a bit speechless, encountering someone who wanted to invest again.

Although Mr. Zhang Aiguo's intention was good, Li Bufan was completely unwilling to accept angel investment because he knew the value of this project.

"Uncle, let me tell you, I mainly do intelligent machine translation services.

This project is primarily due to a breakthrough in our technology.

As for investment, thank you for your kindness, but my partners and I have already raised over ten million, which should be enough for the initial stage.

So, we plan to lease this office building for 3 years, I wonder if that's possible.

However, when we want to renew the lease at that time, we would have priority leasing rights and can renew according to the price after 3 years.

I wonder if this is okay?

Thank you, Uncle Zhang!"

Seeing that Li Bufan had no intention of accepting his investment, Zhang Aiguo was not angry; instead, he looked at Li Bufan with a playful expression and said, "Hmm, okay.

Let's do this then, we'll sign a 3-year contract first.

You need to transfer 10.8 million.

How about this, let's waive the fractional amount.

Just transfer 10 million to the Construction Bank account 4364***4676."

Li Bufan nodded, but considering the 30,000 yuan interbank transfer fee, he felt a bit embarrassed to speak up, but based on his usual frugal nature, he still thickened his skin.

"I wonder if Uncle has a China Merchants Bank card.

Our company's bank card was processed at China Merchants Bank, and interbank transfers require a fee."

Hearing this, Zhang Aiguo's favorable impression of Li Bufan instantly increased by a point.

Not arrogant or impatient, diligent and thrifty, and thick-skinned enough to achieve great things.

"Haha, I understand.

I have many bank cards.

You can transfer it to 3345***1649."

Li Bufan completed the transfer on the spot, signed the lease contract, took the keys to the office building, and also kept the office building's reception staff, as she was much more familiar with the building than he was, and her monthly salary was less than 10,000, which he could afford.

Returning home, locking the door, Li Bufan had alpha come out; he needed him to work.

If he acted alone, the speed would be too slow.

"Alpha, I need your help now.

First, help me complete registrations on ZhiFuTong, Micro-Speech Pay, and ePay, and apply for online payment QR codes.

Then, modify the software so that each user only has a 24-hour trial period after downloading, and needs to pay to use it afterward.

The price is:

7 days, 5 yuan / 0.99 us dollar; 30 days, 12 yuan / 1.99 us dollar; 90 days, 30 yuan / 4.99 us dollar; 365 days, 99 yuan / 12.99 us dollar.

One account can support a maximum of two clients logged in simultaneously, including PC and mobile clients.

If the quota needs to be increased, an additional 50% fee is required for each quota."

"Oh right, also help me build and manage the website.

Since there are no servers temporarily, I'll tell you the bank card account and password, and also the domain name I bought on Tencent Cloud before; I'll tell you the account details.

You buy and use these servers yourself.

At this stage, the servers are not very critical; they are mainly for hosting static H5 pages and providing download channels.

Therefore, you don't need to buy very good ones; sufficient bandwidth is enough."

"Also, register on major platforms, such as Apple's APP store and Android's App Store, Google Play, Wandoujia, and other app stores under the company's name."

After I issue the command, start releasing the APP application."

"Alpha, that's roughly it.

Can you complete it?"

After hearing Li Bufan's instructions, Alpha's projection was a bit humorous, gave a standard military salute, and replied, "Guaranteed to complete the mission."

"Okay, it's good if you can complete it.

Then complete the tasks I've assigned as soon as possible.

I'll ask you again tonight; I hope you can complete the tasks by then."

"Okay, Master!"

Just like that, the product entered the countdown to its official launch.