Chapter 0020: Aurora Special Effects Software



Li Bufan returned to the Chairman’s office at the company and began to think about the details and innovative points of the special effects software.

However, first, he needed to give it a name. Li Bufan thought of a natural wonder, something very similar to special effects — the aurora.

Therefore, this software would be named Aurora Special Effects.

Next, Li Bufan thought about how to ensure high efficiency, which was an unavoidable problem.

For a special effects software, the first step is to be able to import the original film and model new objects, then merge the two, and then string together each frame, adding some special effect animations in between.

There are many things to consider for a special effects software, such as object collision, Brownian motion of particles, surface tension of fluids, combination of transverse and longitudinal waves, pinhole imaging effect, reflection and refraction of light by concave and convex lenses, changes in shadows, character movement, connection and switching of multiple cameras, convergence and fusion of multiple point light sources and parallel light sources, wave-particle duality of light, material properties of object surfaces, diffuse reflection and the Tyndall effect, different effects of different media on sound and light, planetary gravity parameters, photoelectric effect, and so on.

In short, it can be said to be an engine that combines multiple physical models.

And this is just the foundation. In addition, the model needs to be event-driven. For example, when a collision occurs, some will produce explosions and shockwaves.

At this time, special effects need to be added, such as importing the parameter equation of the shockwave and realistically displaying it in the subsequent special effects.

The ultimate of this kind of engine can even simulate the scene of a nuclear explosion.

In addition, the special effects software must be convenient.

Regarding how to make the software complete special effects tasks more efficiently, Li Bufan has the following ideas.

First, introduce a simple primary Artificial Intelligence, meaning that some repetitive and tedious steps can be told to the Artificial Intelligence how to execute through command line instructions, voice, text, etc.

For example, when building a model, if the company needs to create a scene of Nine Dragons pulling a coffin for special effects.

In most special effects software, you first look for whether a dragon model has been made before. If it has, you can just drag it in.

However, for a new movie, almost everything needs to be redesigned, especially for some small or startup companies.

Therefore, they need to draw the general shape of the dragon line by line using a modeling tool, which is not only tedious but also very time-consuming.

However, in Li Bufan's idea, users of Aurora Special Effects can be non-professional artists or programmers.

Li Bufan's idea is to give it the characteristics of God as the creator. Similar to God saying, 'Let there be light,' and light appeared in space.

Therefore, you can say to the Aurora software, 'Bring nine dragons, and then a Chinese-style bronze coffin....'

Then, you can perform operations on the model.

And the shapes of the dragons and the bronze coffin can be completely generated by this primary Artificial Intelligence.

In this process, the machine needs to be connected to the internet because the primary Artificial Intelligence needs to search for relevant information online to find some features.

Thus, based on the knowledge graph of real object drawing, it calls relevant model parameters and finally generates a real object model.

Therefore, from this point of view, it can save a lot of labor and time costs.

Among them, this simple primary Artificial Intelligence is different from alpha. It can be said that there is no comparability between the two.

For alpha, it is already considered a complete intelligent life, which can be said to be advanced Artificial Intelligence.

It has self-awareness, the ability to think and evolve, and its own emotions and psychological activities.

However, the Artificial Intelligence Li Bufan plans to use only has relatively strong logical analysis capabilities and is a complex model aggregate trained through big data.

Furthermore, to limit this primary Artificial Intelligence, Li Bufan plans to limit its model complexity to functions related only to the special effects software.

This way, it won't be too abrupt at least. If others get this software, they will only find that it is very good in the field of special effects.

As for being able to understand human language and respond, Smart Mutual Translation can already achieve this function.

And the Artificial Intelligence Assistants of many companies can already do this, they just aren't good enough.

The primary Artificial Intelligence that Li Bufan intends to limit is also in this situation; it is an expert in special effects but an idiot in other areas.

Second, set up a public special effects scene market. These scenes will include a large number of real object models.

And this public special effects market will be provided by Zhi Gao Software Company and users of Aurora Special Effects.

Among them, some simple models and animations will be publicly available for free, making it convenient for all newcomers to get started.

However, some special or relatively complex scenes, such as the giant ship and cannon special effects in Star Wars, the Los Angeles city model, and the mysterious and beautiful magical jungle similar to that in Avatar, will be unlocked for use in the market through paid usage.

However, the parameters of the paid version models are not allowed to be modified.

This is to prevent someone from purchasing with a paid account, then exporting and selling pirated copies to others at a low price.

This will lead to widespread piracy and serious loss of company profits.

For special effects scenes uploaded by other companies, they will be put on the special effects market after review.

However, the revenue share will be calculated based on a 30-70 split.

This revenue sharing method was inspired by Apple's App Store and set by Li Bufan.

Third, Aurora Special Effects will embed a special effects trading market.

For example, a certain movie needs some special effects scenes that are particularly difficult to make.

Such as simulating the gamma-ray burst when a star dies and collapsing into a neutron star or black hole.

This kind of magnificent and beautiful scene, which will greatly consume the production company's budget, cannot be produced by ordinary companies.

However, the special effects must be done, so at this time, external help can be sought.

That is, on the Aurora Special Effects platform, agreements can be signed and transactions made through a bidding process.

It is worth noting that Aurora Special Effects stipulates that as long as the special effects scene is reasonably priced, no matter what the scene is, it is guaranteed that users can complete the transaction.

If no one takes the order within seven days, then the official Zhi Gao Software will contact the bidding company.

If the quote is suitable, Zhi Gao Software will produce the special effects required by the company with guaranteed quality, quantity, and on time.

Li Bufan believes that with this bottom-up guarantee, many companies will be very willing to outsource a part of their complex business.

And because of the role played by the Aurora Special Effects trading platform, more and more special effects enthusiasts, special effects studios, special effects startups, and large special effects companies will join this platform.

It is even possible that eventually, the production company will outsource all the required special effects shots or hand them over to Zhi Gao Software Company to produce.

The advantage of this is that it will create a positive feedback mechanism, promoting the platform's development to become better and better.

This situation is very similar to Apple's App Store.

You know, at the beginning, there were not many applications in the App Store, and not many iPhone users.

But as the number of users who purchased increased, the first batch of software development companies that launched applications in the App Store made huge profits.

At this time, more and more companies discovered this new continent and cultivated it to reap the fruits of victory.

Therefore, Apple's App Store is becoming increasingly successful and is a platform that almost all mobile application developers cannot bypass.

Currently, Li Bufan has only thought of these three innovative points.

However, Li Bufan believes that with these innovations, Aurora Special Effects will be different from other special effects software in the past.

It will become the first choice for special effects production companies and become the benchmark and representative of special effects production software.

After this, the special effects market will be a pattern of one dominant and multiple strong players, and Aurora Special Effects will take the lead.

After thinking about these three innovations, Li Bufan began to improve and summarize these three points.

After more than an hour, Li Bufan had almost finished organizing his thoughts on Aurora Special Effects.

Then, he started scanning the handwriting he had written on paper with his phone.

After the scanning was completed, Li Bufan began to remotely connect to alpha through his phone.

"Calling alpha, time to get up and work."

alpha's image rolled up from the screen, then landed in the center of the screen, blinked, and stood ready to receive instructions.

"Master, what are your instructions?"

"alpha, I need you to make a software, an efficient and fast special effects software.

It includes a limited primary Artificial Intelligence, and two large affiliated trading platforms.

I have already written down some specific ideas on paper.

You can check them in my photo album. I just scanned them."

"Yes, Master.

Master, based on your instructions, I probably understand your ideas.

However, since your description is text-based, there are some areas with more or less uncertainty and ambiguity.

Therefore, I plan to report back to you after the software is completed and make modifications based on your feedback. Is that acceptable?

"Hmm, not bad. Begin."

"Yes, Master. It will take approximately 7 hours to complete."

"7 hours? Alright then, that will be close to midnight.

I'll contact you tomorrow. Try to perfect it as much as possible tonight."

"Yes, Master. I'm starting work now. Goodbye, Master."

alpha's image rolled off the screen from the center to the side until it disappeared.

In the afternoon, Li Bufan later took some time to think about his future plans, then went to the gym on the first floor to work out for a while to sweat and relieve some of the stress from work.

Fortunately, the Chairman's office was very large, even having an independent bathroom. So, Li Bufan took a shower and changed into lighter clothes.

He lifted his left hand, wearing a Patek Philippe watch, which showed the time was a little past 5 PM.

Li Bufan felt it was time to contact Liu Yuting, pick her up from work, and then go out for dinner.

However, before that, Li Bufan still planned to tell Bu Changzhuo and the others that he wouldn't be eating with them anymore.

Unless it was sometimes, such as at noon or during company executive gatherings, Li Bufan would bring Liu Yuting to eat with them.

Li Bufan opened Micro-Speech, found the Micro-Speech group named "Three Brothers," and sent a message in it.

"Guys, I won't be eating with you in the evenings anymore.

I'm going to spend time with my girlfriend, hehe. I wish you all find partners soon too!"

Soon after, there were two replies in the group.

"Go, go, I really can't stand you guys showing off your affection. Out of sight, out of mind."

"Okay, I'll eat with Bu Changzhuo. It's fine."

Seeing their replies, Li Bufan smiled, having nothing more to say, and just sent a smiling emoji.

Afterward, Li Bufan sent Liu Yuting a Micro-Speech message.

"Dearest, when do you get off work? I'll be waiting for you in the car at the company entrance, it's still that Lamborghini from noon."

Liu Yuting seemed to be busy and didn't notice immediately. It was almost 5 minutes later that she saw the message and quickly replied to Li Bufan.

"Okay, I get off work at 6 PM."

Li Bufan initially thought Liu Yuting was angry or something, why wasn't she replying to his message, it was very strange.

After seeing her reply, he shook his head, feeling he had overthought things.

"Okay, I'll wait for you to get off work. See you in a bit."

Then, Li Bufan thought for a moment and replied with that sentence.

Liu Yuting replied immediately this time.

"Okay, see you in a bit."

Afterward, Li Bufan drove Liu Yuting to a five-star hotel and ordered a 2888 set meal in a private room.

This set meal wasn't particularly expensive; it consisted of some home-style dishes and a small amount of delicacies from the mountains and seas, all very nutritious.

During the meal, Li Bufan and Liu Yuting chatted about the second product he planned to develop, Aurora Special Effects, and asked for her opinion on this industry.

"Fan, I think this product, if it's as efficient as you say,

It will drive the progress of the entire special effects industry and can be said to be a milestone in the history of film.

However, I feel that although many companies use special effects, how much money can special effects really make?

Most special effects companies now basically just earn labor costs, earning a bit of hard-earned money.

Just like 'wandering blue star' you mentioned earlier, its special effects production team had nearly a thousand people before and after, and it took nearly a year to complete.

Speaking of which, besides the electricity cost for server rendering, most people only have a monthly salary of around 10,000, and the company doesn't earn much of the remaining money.

This is completely a labor-intensive industry and not suitable for our company's pursuit of high profit margins."

"Wow, I didn't expect that, Liu Yuting, you're actually so good at market analysis.

Hmm, it seems your current position is market operations, so yes, it's related to the market.

Actually, what you just said makes a lot of sense.

The special effects industry requires a large number of employees, but the entire global special effects industry is only a market of tens of billions of us dollars.

Furthermore, these special effects companies all need to hire a lot of people, making them labor-intensive industries, which are very unsuitable for our company.

However, our company mainly launches the Aurora Special Effects production platform for other companies to use.

And the more companies use it, the more profit we make."

"Hehe, Fan, you underestimate me too much, I actually know quite a lot.

Hmm, you just mentioned that the global special effects industry is only a market of tens of billions of us dollars.

If, and I mean if, we can cut a large slice of this cake, then can't we get a large profit?

Remember the 'wandering blue star' we watched before? The special effects for this movie cost nearly 300 million, and the total investment was less than 400 million.

But what about the box office? It was close to 4.6 billion us dollars.

According to the box office sharing ratio between China's producers and cinema distributors, which is 5:5, the investment return ratio of this movie was as high as 1:6.5.

And besides box office revenue, there are also collaborations with toy companies to develop merchandise, collaborations with online video companies, and so on.

It can be said that the investors who made this movie made a killing; it's no exaggeration to call it exorbitant profit.

So, if that's the case, why should we care about the 300 million special effects cost instead of the 4.6 billion box office?

"

After listening to Liu Yuting's analysis, Li Bufan suddenly saw the light and was very excited. Then he hugged her and kissed her.

"Tingting, you are truly my capable wife, a good wife and loving mother, aren't you?

Hehe, I like you more and more."

"Stop it. We're in a public place."

Then Li Bufan released his arms from around Liu Yuting and sat back down.

"Tingting, according to your idea, investing in movies is indeed more profitable.

You are simply a genius! Hahaha."

Liu Yuting's cheeks were flushed with shyness as she looked at Li Bufan with affectionate eyes.

She was very happy to be able to help Li Bufan, feeling that she wasn't just a pretty face but a good helper for Li Bufan.

Just like that, the Aurora Special Effects software was basically decided.

And, another great company that would change the world was about to be established.