Chapter 0013: Earn more than 100 billion yuan a week



Just like that, time unknowingly reached the next day, July 6th.

At this moment, Li Bufan was very nervous, because this might be the last day of his life, as the system had just given him a long-awaited prompt.

"Reminder to system, the task's validity period has 17 hours and 46 minutes remaining.

If overdue, the system will be erased, and the system will also unbind from the system."

Therefore, Li Bufan very much hoped that today would pass smoothly.

Early in the morning, Li Bufan ran to the hotel where Zuckerberg was staying and had breakfast with him.

While eating, Li Bufan also probed Zuckerberg's intentions, and the result was good.

Zuckerberg stated that if there were no surprises, the 20 billion us dollar would arrive within 3 hours after the agreement was signed today.

Li Bufan was greatly relieved by this, and his survival rate increased significantly.

Subsequently, Li Bufan and Zuckerberg chatted like friends about everything under the sun, from the development of social platforms to the future direction of technology.

After a pleasant chat, both host and guest were happy and gained a lot of useful knowledge.

Afterward, Li Bufan invited Zuckerberg into the company and temporarily arranged an office for him to rest on the 6th floor.

Li Bufan inspected the setup on the 2nd floor and found that all kinds of facilities were complete and all decorations had been installed.

And there were already two or three media outlets that had arrived.

Li Bufan was very impressed by the diligence of these media outlets, as it was only 8:30 now. They probably rushed over right after breakfast.

Over the next hour or so, more than 40 media outlets arrived one after another, and large and small cameras filled the 2nd-floor lobby.

At this time, Li Bufan went to the 6th floor and invited Zuckerberg, the big financier, down to the 2nd floor.

"Click, click, click..."

When the media Reporters saw that Zuckerberg had indeed arrived, they pressed their shutters one after another.

At this moment, Li Bufan and Zuckerberg sat next to a table, on which was a safe.

Li Bufan invited Zuckerberg to open it together, and inside was the final draft of the contract sealed last night.

Each of them took a copy and looked through it, finding it to be the same as the agreement from last night, and they nodded to each other to indicate agreement.

Then, the two began to wait for the moment the press conference officially began.

Just as it reached 10 o'clock, Bu Changzhuo, dressed in formal attire, walked onto the erected stage, raised the microphone in one hand, and began his performance.

"Hello everyone, media friends. I am Bu Changzhuo, the CEO of Zhi Gao Software Company.

First of all, welcome everyone. We are holding this press conference today with Facebook.

Please don't rush to ask questions. After my introduction, there will be the signing of the agreement by both parties, and finally, both parties will take questions."

"Okay, let me first talk about the purpose of today's press conference.

After Mr. Zuckerberg, the CEO of Facebook, learned about Smart Mutual Translation produced by Zhi Gao Software, he was very optimistic about our project.

So, he conducted a series of negotiations with us. Finally, he decided to acquire the exclusive authorization service of Smart Mutual Translation on social platforms for a price of 20 billion us dollar.

In other words, from now on, everyone on Facebook can communicate with friends from various countries in Chinese without worrying about not knowing foreign languages.

Here, we thank Facebook and Mr. Zuckerberg for their generosity.

I think, with our support, Facebook will definitely become the greatest social platform internationally, with the largest user base."

"Okay, I won't say anything more superfluous.

Now, please welcome Mr. Zuckerberg, the CEO of Facebook, and Mr. Li Bufan, the founder of Zhi Gao Software, to the stage to sign the strategic cooperation agreement."

"Clap, clap, clap..."

The media Reporters below the stage applauded. To be honest, they were very shocked.

After all, 20 billion us dollar, how much rmb is that? They couldn't even earn a fraction of that in their lifetime.

However, they were also excited. Undoubtedly, this would be the biggest news of the year.

At this time, the staff carried tables and chairs onto the stage, and then Zuckerberg and Li Bufan arrived at their seats one after another.

While flipping through the contract, the two signed their names and stamped the company's seal next to them.

Just like that, two legally effective contracts were completed.

What Zuckerberg didn't know was that many years later, his descendants would rely on this contract to successfully auction off a cosmic spaceship and a large amount of money.

Of course, these are things for the future. Let's look at the two of them currently.

Zuckerberg and Li Bufan signed the agreement. Then they stood up, shook hands, and smiled at the camera.

The Reporters furiously pressed their shutters, capturing this moment that would be forever recorded in history.

At this time, Bu Changzhuo asked the staff to remove the tables and chairs. Then, Bu Changzhuo walked forward and picked up the microphone.

"Everyone, the contract has now been signed. If you have any questions, you can ask them.

Reporters who want to ask questions, please raise your hands. Only one question per person."

The Reporters raised their hands one after another.

Bu Changzhuo saw that there were media from China and also from abroad.

According to the unwritten convention, Bu Changzhuo first selected the local media, Jiangcheng Daily.

"Hello, I would like to ask Mr. Zuckerberg. Why did you choose to cooperate with Zhi Gao Software and reach a cooperation agreement with them worth as much as 20 billion us dollar?"

Bu Changzhuo handed the microphone to Zuckerberg, and Zuckerberg walked forward.

"Thank you for the question from this Reporter friend. I want to say that it was not my choice, but a decision made by our Facebook Board of Directors.

The Board of Directors unanimously agreed to cooperate with Zhi Gao Software.

As for why we cooperate with Zhi Gao Software Company, the reason is very simple, it is their product, Smart Mutual Translation.

I believe all of you Reporter friends have already used their product, so I won't promote them further. After all, they haven't paid me any advertising endorsement fees, right?"

"Here, I want to say something to our users and investors.

When you use Facebook, do you occasionally encounter a celebrity you like or a handsome young man or a beautiful young woman? When you want to know what they are doing or chat with them, you may encounter language barriers.

Under normal circumstances, you might choose to use Google Translate to help you, but that is too slow, and the accuracy is far from enough, isn't it?"

"Therefore, Facebook with the Smart Mutual Translation function will open a new chapter and lead a social revolution.

With Smart Mutual Translation, you can communicate normally with others in your native language, and you can also understand the dynamics of the people you follow and participate in the discussion process.

I think our Facebook company will begin a great development from this.

Our goal is to move towards the goal of unifying social platforms and a market value of one trillion us dollar.

I hope everyone can support Facebook as always, and Facebook will definitely not disappoint your expectations, thank you."

"Clap, clap, clap..."

After the applause ended, others began to raise their hands, wanting to ask questions.

At this time, Zuckerberg smiled and looked at Bu Changzhuo, saying, "Can I specify the media?"

Bu Changzhuo nodded, indicating for him to continue his performance.

Zuckerberg chose an international media outlet, the Washington Post.

That Reporter was very excited to know that he had been chosen by Zuckerberg to ask a question.

"Respected Mr. Zuckerberg, I would like to ask, Smart Mutual Translation is just a translation software.

Why didn't you choose to use Google, which has more users, but chose an unknown small company in China, and were willing to pay a sky-high price of 20 billion us dollar.

Is there some unspeakable secret behind your agreement?"

Upon hearing this, Zuckerberg had the urge to go up and hit him, but this was a public occasion, so he had to restrain himself, his face turning green.

"This Reporter friend, we are all from the same country, why do you want to make things difficult for me?"

Not only was the Reporter not disappointed, but he became even more enthusiastic, asking an even bolder question.

"Do you mean that there is really a behind-the-scenes deal? Are you using the 20 billion us dollar agreement to launder money and thus embezzle investors' assets?"

Zuckerberg was a little angry and directly said "Shut up."

Then he took a few deep breaths and recovered.

"Mr. Reporter, as a Reporter, you should be factual, not speculate excessively, and certainly not slander. This is the quality a Reporter should have.

Is this how your Editor-in-chief taught you?"

"Okay, I'll explain it again.

The Facebook Board of Directors decided to choose Smart Mutual Translation because this product is excellent enough.

It completely surpasses Google Translate in many aspects, and its practicality and accuracy are very strong, so we chose to cooperate with them.

As for why we paid a sky-high price of 20 billion us dollar, this is not the behind-the-scenes deal that the Reporter mentioned, and we believe it is worth this price.

Think about it, if Twitter social platform had the function of this software, then for our Facebook, this would be a devastating blow.

Similarly, if we have this function, what will happen to other social platforms? I don't need to say more, do I?

You should know that what we signed with Zhi Gao Software Company is the exclusive right to use it on social platforms, so other platforms will not be able to use this software.

In this way, 20 billion us dollar is not only not expensive, on the contrary, compared to what Facebook can get, it is very cheap."

At this time, what Zuckerberg didn't know was that the Washington Post was live-streaming the scene. When the news reached Wall Street, the stock market experienced unusual fluctuations.

Some investors found it very strange why stocks like Google and Twitter Company were falling.

Among them, Twitter Company's stock was falling crazily, leaving people scratching their heads.

However, among these falling stocks, one was rising steadily, and that was Facebook Company.

According to statistics, after this press conference, Facebook Company's stock rose by 7.68%, Twitter Company's stock fell by 9.73%, and Google Company's stock fell by 2.64%.

...

Back to the press conference site.

At this time, Zuckerberg didn't want to choose media to ask questions anymore, so he handed the microphone to Bu Changzhuo.

Bu Changzhuo saw that the Tencent media was also present, so he sneered in his heart and then chose Tencent.

"I am Shen Kenny, a Reporter from Tencent News. Thank you for the opportunity to ask a question.

I would like to ask Zhi Gao Software Company, why don't you cooperate with companies in China, but cooperate with foreign companies? May I ask why you are selling out your country for glory?"

At this time, Li Bufan stepped forward, feeling very contemptuous of these troublesome Reporters in his heart. He put these people on his blacklist and would ban them from future interviews.

"This Reporter, please pay attention to your words and actions. I have decided to sue you for 10 million for slandering our company. Your words and actions have affected our company's reputation. We will see you in court."

"Other Reporter friends, you can ask questions, but do not make personal attacks, and certainly do not distort the facts, otherwise we will see you in court."

"Regarding that Reporter's question, I know you might also want to know why I don't cooperate with companies in China, especially a giant like Tencent."

"Okay, actually, a few days ago, they contacted me, but it was someone from the investment department.

At that time, I asked him, Sequoia Capital wants to invest in our company with a bid of 200 million rmb, I wonder what the famous Tencent Group thinks?

As a result, guess what, he felt embarrassed and just turned around and left.

What does this show? Many companies in China do not recognize the value behind the Smart Mutual Translation software.

I am very happy that on this point, I reached an agreement with Mr. Zuckerberg and further cooperated."

Just like that, time at the press conference was already late, approaching 12 o'clock.

So, Bu Changzhuo announced that the press conference was successfully concluded and chased away those Reporters who liked to make trouble.

After the press conference, Li Bufan asked Zuckerberg again when the 20 billion us dollar would arrive.

Zuckerberg reiterated that it would arrive within 3 hours.

...

At this time, the outside world was shocked by the sky-high cooperation agreement. Affected by this, the stocks of Tencent Group and Sohu Group in China both fell by more than 2%.

Ma Dage saw the stock drop and realized that something was wrong. He didn't know what had happened, so he contacted his secretary to investigate.

Afterward, the secretary played the video of the press conference for Ma Dage to watch. When Ma Dage saw that his group's investment department was compared to not recognizing value, he was very angry, but he also thought about it.

Because if he had to make the decision himself, he really wouldn't have paid much, but he didn't expect those people in Silicon Valley to be so rich, it was simply a huge sum of money.

Ma Dage shook his head and sent someone to contact Zhi Gao Software Company to see if they could cooperate.

......

After the press conference, a batch of news immediately emerged.

"Smart Mutual Translation, worth hundreds of billions?"

"The real winner of the cooperation with Facebook is..."

"Facebook and Zhi Gao Software reach a 20 billion us dollar agreement."

"Zhi Gao Software, a company founded less than a week ago, yet earning hundreds of billions."

"Facebook with Smart Mutual Translation, where will other social platforms go?"

......

Li Bufan saw a series of news. Although he was happy that his company had gained great fame, he was still frowning at the company account's balance of less than 200,000.

Just at this moment, "Your bank card has received 128.546944694 billion yuan."

"Ding, system has exceeded the task completion by 100% - 【Own tens of billions of us dollar within a week】, rewarding the remaining 90,000 points, an additional reward of 50,000 points, with a remaining balance of 140,300 points."

"Congratulations to the system, completing the task for the first time. The system is eligible to use this system, and the failure penalty of being erased is canceled."

"The system's second task will start in early August, please look forward to it."

At this time, Li Bufan was overwhelmed with joy by the arrival of these prompts.

He now not only had hundreds of billions of assets, but also gained a golden finger, and would no longer be subjected to the failure penalty of being erased.

As for this money, Li Bufan also didn't know how to spend it.

At this time, Li Bufan suddenly realized a problem. If he used all of this hundreds of billions of funds to recharge.

Then there would be hundreds of billions less in circulation in the market, which would not make any difference in an environment of over 7 billion people globally.

But if he earned trillions of us dollar in the future, what would be the result?

The more he thought about it, the more fearful Li Bufan felt, feeling that this would collapse the global economy.

"System, I want to know how the money flows when I recharge points and when I reverse recharge us dollar. Will anyone detect an anomaly?"

"system, please rest assured. With the technology on Blue Star, no anomaly can be detected.

For recharging from us dollar to points, your money will be anonymously donated to people suffering around the world.

Perhaps, because of your spending, a child in Africa can pick up 100 us dollar on the ground; perhaps, because of your spending, some charitable Organizations will receive a large donation.

As for reverse recharging us dollar from points, you can also rest assured. It is generally transferred from the accounts of deceased people through multiple layers of transactions and finally reaches your hands, which others cannot know."

Li Bufan was greatly relieved to hear the system's explanation. As long as it doesn't affect the global economy, that's fine.

......

After the press conference, more and more companies noticed Zhi Gao Software, and more and more users tried and paid to use Smart Mutual Translation.

On the internet, there were words full of envy and jealousy. Everyone was very curious about how Zhi Gao Software would spend this cash reserve of over 100 billion rmb.